[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, what's up everybody? This is Whiskey Web and
whatnot. Soon to be known as rum React and ramblings.

[00:00:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, say that three times really fast. I find
it challenging myself. You know, alliteration is, it's quite a skill.

[00:00:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that is true

[00:00:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's why I've never became a famous rapper.

[00:00:56] **Robbie Wagner:** that that's why.

[00:00:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that was it.

[00:00:59] **Robbie Wagner:** No other [00:01:00] reasons. Yeah.

[00:01:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Now the talent is there. , the style and
personality obviously on

[00:01:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you do have stage presence. I'll give you
that.

[00:01:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it's just 'cause I drink a lot.

[00:01:10] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Speaking of drinking a lot, we have a,
uh, special guest who is a Whiskey fan with us today. David, how's it going?

[00:01:19] **David Cramer:** That's good. Are you really renaming the podcast

[00:01:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** We are just doing that

[00:01:23] **Robbie Wagner:** no. We've

[00:01:24] **David Cramer:** the event? Right.

[00:01:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we've run outta whiskey. It turns out
we've got through all of it in the world. And like, what do you do then? , I
guess you gotta pick the next spirit and then make this stuff happening. No, uh,
it's a onsite theme, but like, do you realize that you sponsored this episode?

[00:01:41] **David Cramer:** Do I look like I am in charge of marketing?

[00:01:44] **David Cramer:** Maybe I do, actually. I don't know, but

[00:01:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You're like, I don't know what we do. Do
we own a podcast? Why am I on a

[00:01:51] **David Cramer:** I am in charge of that podcast. To be fair, I'm
just not in charge of general marketing.

[00:01:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, Yeah, No, I got it. No, I just mean in the
sense of today's whiskey is brought to

[00:01:59] **David Cramer:** Ah, yeah, that's a [00:02:00] good point.

[00:02:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, by century.io.

[00:02:03] **David Cramer:** Sort of,

[00:02:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Is it, is it Sentry Repeated or

[00:02:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** heated. That's true. That's

[00:02:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** up to

[00:02:08] **David Cramer:** but, uh, I still am trying to find a, a, a path to
buy a cask and then like bottle it with some like ped branding. But it turns out
that's a really bad idea when you make no money. I.

[00:02:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well there is that, but

[00:02:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, having done it and also making no money, uh,
we can, we can confirm.

[00:02:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was gonna say, you've seen people successfully
lose money, so, you know, we'll help you down that path if you want. But, uh,
obviously if you're looking to be profitable, I, I would find other advisors,

[00:02:38] **David Cramer:** Like, we, uh, we gotta wait for this, the markets
to give us our money back, and then we'll see. I.

[00:02:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah,

[00:02:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh God. Hopefully they do.

[00:02:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alright, so speaking of non-PE things, today
thanks to David, we are having the Woodford Reserve double Double oak. No, I did
not stutter

[00:02:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Is this a [00:03:00] uh, March Madness themed
bottle? Is that why we got the double, double?

[00:03:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I'll explain to you. Oh, right. I guess
there's that, but I will, I will explain to you why it's called double, double
in a moment.

[00:03:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** So today's is

[00:03:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** 90.4 success, uh, 90.4 proof. , it is not age
stated officially, , but the press release says that it is aged five to seven
years and then there is the additional two years and a new overcharged Oak
Barrel.

[00:03:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Which gives its, its double, double name the
mash bill. pretty normal for Woodford. They don't deviate in any of their like,
, other, , expressions. 72% corn, 18% rye, and 10% malted barley.

[00:03:43] **David Cramer:** Have you all had this one before?

[00:03:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** haven't, no. So it,

[00:03:47] **David Cramer:** my

[00:03:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would've, You did good and I, 'cause I could
have sworn you were gonna send a Japanese or something

[00:03:53] **David Cramer:** Nah, the problem is like a lot of whiskey kind of
sucks or it's like just generic or boring. And honestly, a lot of Japanese
[00:04:00] whiskey definitely sucks. and I'm like, what can I get that is
actually gonna be good? And they probably have not had, and I had just gotten, ,
this whiskey recently and I'm like, it's really good.

[00:04:11] **David Cramer:** And I'm like, this will be fun.

[00:04:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no, I appreciate you, uh, trying to sort
out to something that would be kind of worth the squeeze. , so I'm looking
forward to it. I have this funny story where like, I am petty and hold on to
small grudges for my entire life. So like there's a little, yeah, there's a
little part of me that like, kind of hates Woodford, but they put out good stuff
and if you ever go to the property for a tour, it's beautiful.

[00:04:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** But their tour guides dick's. saying.

[00:04:38] **David Cramer:** Yeah, I, I will say I don't actually drink a lot of
bourbon anymore, and there's been some stuff that impressed me lately. And
you've probably had the Jack Daniels single Barrel Rye? I

[00:04:47] **David Cramer:** hope

[00:04:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have, yeah, but I haven't had the 14 that
everybody's talking about now. The

[00:04:52] **David Cramer:** Oh, I haven't had that

[00:04:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** just the, yeah. The Jack Daniel single Barrel.

[00:04:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** 14

[00:04:56] **David Cramer:** they're they're kind of impressive is what I would
say. It's like actually good. [00:05:00] And it's one of those things where I
feel like it's making a comeback in the US where like, it's like, okay, we
should just. Not only just produce trash mass market stuff, and I've actually
not had the regular double oaked yet, or at least not in the time where I've
actually tried to understand it.

[00:05:14] **David Cramer:** And I heard a lot of people like that. And when I
heard about this limited release coming out, which this one does not actually
have, I, I don't think it has any of the vintage information, so I, I don't know
what that means. The previous editions of this bottle have all the vintage
information. There were so much smaller batches, and this was like the first
year they went national with it.

[00:05:33] **David Cramer:** It was like really hard to get in the past. but
it's like, if you like the flavor of double oat, at least per the internet, per
Reddit, I should say, you will like this more.

[00:05:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't really think they do anything bad, and I
can't say I've had anything that I can recall, from Woodford where I'm like,
terrible, this is bad. Like, it's either like, it's okay or you know, above. So
this has a lot of brown sugar smell for me, by the way.

[00:05:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm smelling some white grape juice.

[00:05:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:06:00] Yes. White grape juice.

[00:06:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm

[00:06:02] **David Cramer:** Where do you, what do,

[00:06:03] **Robbie Wagner:** No.

[00:06:03] **David Cramer:** maybe

[00:06:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** a

[00:06:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** little almond brown, sugar and almond for me.

[00:06:07] **David Cramer:** It is overwhelming on the nose, but in, in a, in a
good way. I would say.

[00:06:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, because I almost have like a lemongrass
actually in there for me, like at the end, or is it either lemongrass or Lemon
Pledge and believe it or not, I like

[00:06:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** the

[00:06:21] **David Cramer:** I, I, yeah. Yeah. There is a little bit of that in
there. What I, let's say I like this one in the sense of, I don't mind bourbon,
you know, the sweetness of like your traditional bourbon. I don't mind it
whatsoever. And this is not that. It's like, it's, it's very good. And same with
rye. You'll get like some rye that's just like spicy.

[00:06:36] **David Cramer:** And then when you get something that's just like
more balanced and more interested in it, like stands out a lot. And that was
like the Jack Daniels one for me. and like these two were kind of my first foray
back into American whiskey. And outside of like specialty distilleries, like,
you know, I'm a big fan of High West and whatnot, but.

[00:06:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. Definitely they do like really great
stuff, very interesting stuff. Yeah, they're, I dunno, founders a former like
chemical engineer, so he [00:07:00] took like that information to like combine
all these weird flavor profiles and obviously do some good stuff since they were
acquired. right. I gave it a first like small taste to prime the palate, but I'm
gonna go, go in a little more.

[00:07:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, for being called double, double oak, it is
not as like insanely oaky as I was thinking it could be. so maybe that's just a
fun name and it's not, not supposed to be that

[00:07:23] **Robbie Wagner:** bad.

[00:07:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I mean it's a, artifact of manufacture
process, where you get fresh charred oak twice, which is kind of an interesting
experiment, which. You know, to a degree that brown sugar, I taste a little bit
of itch like char mixed with that. It's almost like a creme

[00:07:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** brulee. Yeah, it's

[00:07:42] **David Cramer:** You, you get like, yeah, it's like you get the
bourbon flavors, but then if you just lit them on fire

[00:07:47] **David Cramer:** in a lot of ways, but you know, as long as you
like, you know, I feel like you can't like whiskey and not like fire and so, or
at least you're, you're not having, you know, a good experience.

[00:07:56] **David Cramer:** So, and it springs it out.

[00:07:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would say this would be like [00:08:00] kind
of a fun one around a campfire where you get a little of the smoke in your face
and you have that. 'cause speaking of High West, they have that campfire whiskey
that has a little bit of smokiness in it. I can see where like those, this would
kind of blend well for me.

[00:08:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it definitely does taste a lot like, fire in
general, like smoke and, yeah, it's like way less wood, but like a lot of char
for

[00:08:22] **David Cramer:** Yeah.

[00:08:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it gets a little creamy at the end, like
almost like a light, like creaminess to it, and that vanilla from the nose
carrying through somewhat, maybe a little more almondy versus vanilla on the, on
the palate. But I. Still like similarities. So there's oftentimes where I'll
pick up things in smelling notes, and then you get in there and it's just
nothing like that.

[00:08:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's like something else altogether. And this
one actually kind of melds close to my, my initial, , flavor notes, smell notes,
I guess.

[00:08:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:08:52] **David Cramer:** I found very interesting is I have a bottle, I have
one of their older releases. I think it, you know, what year is it? 25? I think
they did a 22 and a [00:09:00] 23 and I have the 22. I've not tried the 23 and
it's actually quite different than this. Not in like a bad way or a good way
even. but I try it, it's always fun to try things side by side when you can if
like different vintages, especially these like single releases

[00:09:13] **David Cramer:** and it was, it was quite interesting.

[00:09:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** People would do that a lot of times with like
old Forester birthday bourbon or, you know, different the will it releases of
like similar mash bill makeups and stuff from one year to another. I don't know.
Yeah. Do we feel like we're ready to rate this, Robert?

[00:09:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Well before I forget, northern glass.com.

[00:09:32] **Robbie Wagner:** okay.

[00:09:32] **Robbie Wagner:** now we can rate.

[00:09:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. There you go. Uh, cover all of our
sponsors. , everybody got that? Great. Perfect.

[00:09:39] **Robbie Wagner:** velv vita cheese.com. , what else we got?

[00:09:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Anywhere else we wanna send a bill, I guess.
syntax fm, no. Anyway, too close, too close to home.

[00:09:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right, so for those, , listeners who may not
be aware, we have a highly. Technical and in-depth rating system from zero to
eight tentacles, zero [00:10:00] being I hate this. And spit it out, pour it
down the sink.

[00:10:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Four being kind of middle of the road, not
great, not not bad. And eight being amazing. Clear the shelves. And for those
who don't know what clear the shelves means, that means you buy everyone that
you can right in front of you. , I was told recently that that is not clear or
that's vernacular.

[00:10:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, I, I told you that 'cause I had no idea what
you

[00:10:22] **Robbie Wagner:** meant.

[00:10:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** I didn't wanna make you look dumb online, but,
uh,

[00:10:25] **Robbie Wagner:** That's what we're here

[00:10:25] **Robbie Wagner:** for.

[00:10:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. So, , given that, that I taught you yet
again, Robert, what the scale is, what would you give this one?

[00:10:33] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. So I typically don't love bourbons as much,
but this one is a little spicier. A little smokier, uh, a little more
interesting, not just super sweet. So in the category of bourbons, I would say
it's pretty good. I'm gonna give it a six and a half.

[00:10:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah. Not bad. Not bad. David. We know you
like it, but where would you rate it?

[00:10:54] **David Cramer:** It's a good question. In the category of bourbons,
I might even go higher than six and a half in the category of bourbons,
[00:11:00] you know, but just like generically, the thing I've come to
appreciate is just like interestingness different whiskeys and bourbons and
whatever. And so I actually think I'm probably in the same category.

[00:11:09] **David Cramer:** I've had a lot of good stuff. I, I'm fortunate that
my wife got me a couple bottles of Pappy for Christmas a couple years ago, and
they're fine, by the way. They're nothing special. , save your money. I don't
have many bourbons that are interesting is what I would say. And so I think this
is the most interesting bourbon that I've had and, and let alone have a bottle
of.

[00:11:27] **David Cramer:** , and so I think like six, 6.5 is probably
reasonable. You know, I usually, my scale is like 1, 2, 3. And everything is
like drinkable for the most part. Otherwise you just, why even, you know, don't
bother. , and three is like, I must have more of this. So we'll go with the
clear the shelves kind of thing as my three, and I'd put this like two, you
know, it's like really enjoy it.

[00:11:46] **David Cramer:** Would recommend, would buy again, I do have several
bottles of this, but that's a different thing. That's where I, my strategy is
just to acquire two bottles of everything I buy no matter what. So I can try it
and then not open the second one. But

[00:11:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so [00:12:00] you've got a bunker. If it
ever like falls apart for me, I know whose

[00:12:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** house

[00:12:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** to

[00:12:03] **David Cramer:** It's growing. It's growing. I've got too many
bottles.

[00:12:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Some

[00:12:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** trophies. That's

[00:12:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Do you have them all in the condo right now
though?

[00:12:10] **David Cramer:** I have a dozen bottles in the, uh, I have, I have,
a bunch here. I just got a, um, Uh, I just picked up the Octa more 14 two the
other day. So,

[00:12:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:12:21] **David Cramer:** so I've got a handful here, but most of my stuff is
not here.

[00:12:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. This one keeps
getting interesting 'cause now in the finish I'm getting , like bitter notes of
like dark chocolate

[00:12:32] **David Cramer:** It develops really

[00:12:33] **David Cramer:** well.

[00:12:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** it does, yeah. It would be interesting once it
kind of gets some air having been open to see how it changes a little bit.

[00:12:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I also like to like do the couple of drop, I've
been pretty bad about that the last few episodes, but do just a couple of drops,
like have, have like an ounce and then add a couple of drops and see where it
goes. That's also a

[00:12:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** nice,

[00:12:51] **David Cramer:** Yeah. I've, I've not, maybe my palate sucks,
frankly, but. I've not found much success in adding a little bit of water,
especially to bourbons and it having [00:13:00] much impact. Like often like,
barrel proofs that like strong cask strength stuff will make a lot of impact or
like a really, really like a look for, like it will have impact for sure, like
something really Petey or something.

[00:13:10] **David Cramer:** But in bourbons, I feel like I just, again, it
could just be me. It ends up tasting pretty similar to how it tasted by default,
you know?

[00:13:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean like a, a buffalo trace off the
shelf, it's not really gonna make a lot of difference. Like that's highly
manufactured to like. Have good punch for its price point, but it's not amazing
and it doesn't change much. Right? Something like this, which has a lot of deep
notes, I think might benefit from that extra, , oxidation and if I was smart
like some other people who have been on to tell us like what exactly happens
when you do that?

[00:13:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** , but

[00:13:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** it,

[00:13:46] **Robbie Wagner:** clip from Taylor here.

[00:13:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, there you go. , woman with whiskey,

[00:13:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** but yeah, I've had a lot of like. Good success
with that. When something is interesting to begin with, I probably, like most of
the time, if you're grabbing something random off the shelf or if it's
[00:14:00] just not that great to begin with, water isn't gonna help it, it's
not gonna really change things.

[00:14:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** but in that vein of things, so for a bourbon,
and I might be, , you know, hurting myself a little to admit this, but like, I
feel like this one has. Enough diversity for that kind of mash bill. Such high
corn, no weird extra weightedness thrown in there. Like I feel like it's very
well balanced between like its sweet, spicy woody notes that like, I actually,
I'm really enjoying this.

[00:14:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** that said, limited releases, make it, you know,
one thing altogether. , I try to like take into account price too. Like this is
not an inexpensive bottle. This isn't a $60 pickup, so, you know, it's not
necessarily in that category, but for like, something really unique to have on
the shelf for folks that do like whiskey and you're like, we'll try that.

[00:14:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** If you haven't tried this, here's something
really different. I like that. I'm gonna give it a. 7.25 for me in the
categories of [00:15:00] bourbons. Like this is definitely where I'm gonna call
a couple of my friends who know and like things and be like, if you haven't
tried this, come over. and, and our recent episode that dropped, , we have the
Sagamore Rye that was this crazy blend of like.

[00:15:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Trying to kind of recreate a Manhattan cocktail,
but not by adding any ingredients, but just by aging in three different kinds of
barrels and then

[00:15:23] **Robbie Wagner:** They did it the hard way.

[00:15:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** That shit is cool. And I think this is actually
pretty cool too, the way they've, like, it's a, it's a high corn, normally
sweet, and doing the double oak to sort of like bring that down without like
blasting you with spice or char.

[00:15:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think they've, they've kind of nailed it on
this one. So for me, I'm like 7.25, like would absolutely buy again, would
absolutely recommend to my friends. I don't know if we'll ever get an eight, to
be honest, but who

[00:15:51] **Robbie Wagner:** We had, we had one eight, I think early. I gave it
an eight, the sweetened cove one.

[00:15:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Those are pretty good. Yeah. Sweeten's

[00:15:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** cold.

[00:15:59] **David Cramer:** I had a bottle of that [00:16:00] and that's one I
wish I had two of

[00:16:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:16:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I see, I see. Yeah. I don't

[00:16:04] **David Cramer:** why I go down this strategy now. I'm like, can't
have regrets. And they only, and the good ones only amp up in price over time,

[00:16:10] **David Cramer:** so

[00:16:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Of course they do. Yeah. But see, Robbie is not
an alcoholic like me, so go to his house and around his bar. He has many of the
bottles that we liked, like still plenty left. Just go to his house, go a little
nuts, maybe slip out with one or two. He's gonna be busy with so many kids, he's
not gonna know.

[00:16:30] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true. I do give them away to guests when
they come. So

[00:16:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:16:34] **David Cramer:** That's a good strategy.

[00:16:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I give them away to my liver and then Yes, some
to friends and stuff too.

[00:16:38] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, you're not friends with your liver though.
You don't treat

[00:16:40] **Robbie Wagner:** it very

[00:16:41] **Robbie Wagner:** well.

[00:16:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** It does not like me. I was like, what are again
like Buddy, you're not getting younger.

[00:16:46] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. So should we do these hot takes? I saw
you put skip

[00:16:49] **Robbie Wagner:** question

[00:16:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. 'cause there's a couple, well some
of them we've covered with David before and like, but there are a couple funny
things we drop, a couple funny

[00:16:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, probably the, the latter half. I don't
[00:17:00] think we covered before for sure. I, I took out the first few 'cause
I knew for sure we did those,

[00:17:03] **Robbie Wagner:** but,

[00:17:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:17:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Start wherever you

[00:17:05] **Robbie Wagner:** like.

[00:17:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. This is on me. You said you don't like me
talking and whatever else. Uh,

[00:17:11] **Robbie Wagner:** as you want.

[00:17:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you know, no pressure. But for you, a hot
take is, would you prefer Syntax fm or Whiskey Web and whatnot?

[00:17:20] **David Cramer:** Oh,

[00:17:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** No money goes in your pocket either way. No pot,
no, no money goes in your pocket either way.

[00:17:26] **David Cramer:** hmm. complicated. I, I, I don't like the
constraints of this question. Well, you know,

[00:17:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** You could tell me to go to hell and say whatever

[00:17:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:17:35] **David Cramer:** I got, I think I gotta say syntax, that, but like,
it's like my thing, you know, I'm like the parent. I gotta, I gotta make sure my
kid is successful and everything.

[00:17:43] **David Cramer:** And then ideally my kid helps with my retirement
fund, you know, when I'm old and I don't want them putting me in a home or
whatever. So, But this one's always fun. I will say, compared to a lot of other
podcasts, I've done definitely prefer this.

[00:17:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, well there you go. I'll take that. I'll
take a strong second [00:18:00] place even though I did not give you any other
better choices. you know, number two, outta two I, I appreciate that.

[00:18:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Rails or Laravel.

[00:18:08] **David Cramer:** Oh, I mean, I hate rails. So

[00:18:10] **David Cramer:** easy. Like, what? If you like it, that's fine. I
prefer explicit. To be fair, I haven't used Laravel that much, and I was, I was
attempting to get rid of TypeScript and rewrite my stuff in yet again and do it
in PHP,

[00:18:21] **David Cramer:** Laravel actually has some of the same challenges
that Rails has, but it's much better about it.

[00:18:25] **David Cramer:** It's much more elegant in the sense of there's a
lot of implicit nature inside of Laravel. my mega gripe about Rails is it's way
too implicit. And to be fair, this is, it's not limited to just those two
frameworks. It happens everywhere. But I was a big Django fan. Django is very
explicit python's, very explicit.

[00:18:41] **David Cramer:** It's really easy to follow things, you know, even
though there's meta programming, Laravel has some of that, but it's not as bad.
And, frankly, I just think PHP is a better language than Ruby. So, and that's,
just purely personal preference, but also fact. So.

[00:18:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ha ha

[00:18:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** ha I so badly. I don't know how rich you have to
get for this to happen, but I really want you to at [00:19:00] least sponsor a
race team. You're into F1. I know that, right? Like so sponsor a race team.
Maybe your sim racer will get you there too. You can become a racer and then you
and DHH facing off.

[00:19:11] **David Cramer:** I was joking. I forget if I've told Taylor this
joke or not yet, but I'm like, we should have a Ric Con this summer. I'm like,
you know what we should do? We should do a typing test. Like, because Taylor and
I are two of the fastest keyboardists, whatever you wanna call, the skillset
that we have for typing that I know of, I can do like 1 65 with a hundred
percent accuracy.

[00:19:29] **David Cramer:** And he's pretty similar. Like I think we're like,
like identical and I'm like pink slips.

[00:19:34] **David Cramer:** You know, my nine, my 9 9 2 TTS, your Lambo. Maybe
it's pink slips, so we just trade them temporarily or something. But,

[00:19:40] **David Cramer:** uh,

[00:19:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of fun. I mean, it's
almost a NOL lose situation also. So

[00:19:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean, I would watch that.

[00:19:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would definitely watch that. so Oh,

[00:19:50] **David Cramer:** yeah. Maybe one day we'll see. I honestly, I had a
conversation with, a former CMO about like the cost going into sponsoring F1,
and first off, it's ludicrous second. We need to charge [00:20:00] everybody a
lot more money to, to remotely reconcile how much it would cost us to sponsor an
F1 team. And, but I, I did, I did seriously inquire about this like two years
ago, so maybe three, I don't even

[00:20:10] **David Cramer:** know.

[00:20:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, so it's not off the

[00:20:12] **David Cramer:** It's not off

[00:20:12] **David Cramer:** the

[00:20:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** How well, how those 37 signals make enough out
of base for a base camp. You know, like, I'm not sure great profit margin there
or

[00:20:21] **David Cramer:** Yeah, something.

[00:20:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** something.

[00:20:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. Book sales. True. They sold a lot
of books. I don't know.

[00:20:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** , okay. This is a, this is a very important and
serious one, so take your time in answering, but, taco Bell or Del Taco

[00:20:35] **David Cramer:** I mean, Del Taco has french fries.

[00:20:37] **David Cramer:** It's

[00:20:37] **David Cramer:** like

[00:20:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** they're

[00:20:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Taco Bell has fries, nacho fries.

[00:20:40] **David Cramer:** Uh, yeah. But like, look, the reality is both are
gonna give you a bad time afterwards. One's gonna give you a worse time, and
Taco Bell is gonna give you a worse time. Right? Like, we can be honest about
that. that said, you often, you don't get the choice, like only one exists
wherever you're at, kind of thing.

[00:20:54] **David Cramer:** And so, and I

[00:20:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** we have both

[00:20:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** here. We have both here, yeah. But if you're
picking [00:21:00] either of them in Phoenix, I don't know what your problem

[00:21:02] **David Cramer:** Yeah. And that's kind of the same like in sf
neither uh, there used to be a Taco Bell, but like, why would you ever go there
in sf? And so we'll go back and forth from Tahoe and there's, everything's on
the way. But I'm like, if I'm gonna go to fast food, neither of those are on my
list to go to, you know, I'm like, gimme the Chick-fil-A or in and out or
literally any other thing.

[00:21:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, you'll be pleased to know that I had Taco
Bell for lunch today and we had Taco Bell. Two or three days ago, and I have
leftovers that I'm gonna have for dinner

[00:21:30] **Robbie Wagner:** after this. So I'm gonna have it twice today.

[00:21:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wow. Well, I do appreciate the money saving
efforts there, but like you are gonna die before Idol. I'm gonna

[00:21:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** say

[00:21:40] **David Cramer:** Tomorrow's

[00:21:41] **David Cramer:** bed,

[00:21:41] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, my body is not in good shape.

[00:21:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. There's a reason why he can't make
it to Miami and he's just made,

[00:21:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** and it's

[00:21:48] **David Cramer:** not gonna be

[00:21:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** to do with children,

[00:21:49] **Robbie Wagner:** No, no. My wife is pregnant with twins and due
anytime within the next month or so, so I'm not

[00:21:55] **Robbie Wagner:** allowed

[00:21:56] **David Cramer:** All right. All right.

[00:21:57] **David Cramer:** excuse.

[00:21:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** well [00:22:00] we have a, uh, a guest host
during this, so maybe, I guess you didn't see that Aaron Francis is gonna be the
guest host?

[00:22:06] **David Cramer:** I don't think I saw that

[00:22:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. Oh, okay.

[00:22:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I, can't

[00:22:09] **David Cramer:** I completely blocked it outta my mind. One of the

[00:22:12] **David Cramer:** two.

[00:22:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And you were like, dammit, we should have
got 'em for syntax. Yeah. Those reasons Robbie won't be there. but we are doing
like, I don't know, five or six live sessions, , in

[00:22:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'll do my best to micromanage from afar.

[00:22:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. It'll be fun. I'm gonna turn my
phone off. I'm like, it was a, it's not my wife blocked. did you wanna cover any
more of these or you just wanna talk? Let's just talk

[00:22:36] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I want to go into. The most important topic
here

[00:22:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** because I have not bothered at all, despite all of
the hype to look up what the fuck MCP is. Can you explain?

[00:22:47] **David Cramer:** you know, microservices,

[00:22:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm. it's just that. It's microservices for,
you know, language models. I'm not even kidding you. It is all the hell that is
microservices but made worse. 'cause then you layer in language models. So it's
like, [00:23:00] like if you have the agent paradigm, which is just, I dunno, a
task runner with a bunch of functions defined, right?

[00:23:05] **David Cramer:** All the MCP thing is like those functions are now
remote, hosted on another server

[00:23:09] **David Cramer:** and that's what I mean by microservices. So you can
imagine you've got this agent or something like cursor's an agent, right? and it
wants to call a bunch of stuff to get information. Instead of those just being
local functions, good luck, internet, like have fun, it's going everywhere.

[00:23:21] **David Cramer:** , which on one hand is good. It's like good luck
with the tech problem kind of thing. but that's all it's, and so the MCP
protocol is just a specification for a remote server for those tools, which
again, are just function calls. So otherwise it looks exactly the same as if you
built like a local agent.

[00:23:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, that's nice because instead of running all
of that stuff locally, you just have that service to call and you have, uh,

[00:23:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** agreed

[00:23:41] **David Cramer:** Yeah.

[00:23:41] **David Cramer:** exactly. And what's, what's cool about it is it has
a worse con than microservices of like good luck. There's too many of them. But
it has this benefit of, so Century has this like patch generation thing in our,
um, application and it does a bunch of stuff, right? It, some of it's collect
information from Century and compile it and do all these things.

[00:23:58] **David Cramer:** And then some of it's like get source code
[00:24:00] from GitHub and sure, we may build that tool or agent or whatever
that does that specific thing, but you can imagine. Just a reusable thing,
whether it's a third party hosted thing or a locally hosted thing, it's like
there's just a GitHub version that is built once by one person, ideally GitHub,
and you can leverage that, and that is a nice world when you think about
reusability and composability and things like that.

[00:24:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah, that kind of makes sense to me. now
the interesting thing in the microservices world then is you inevitably end up
with like a handful, a dozen. I mean, you could end up with a lot that you're
trying to interface with you know, for those purposes. So then you have, even in
a microservices world, you have that kind of decision layer or, or interaction
layer, and then it kind of speaks to your thing, right?

[00:24:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's all similar.

[00:24:46] **David Cramer:** Yeah, and, and so there's some challenges with it
today, but for example, you'll wire up Cursor to Century or something as an
example, and then I can be like, Hey, give me information on the sent air. Which
is whatever, not very useful. it's like that's the gimmicky AI [00:25:00] shit,
but then it's like, give me information on this error and help me work through
solving It

[00:25:05] **David Cramer:** It kind of sucks to be quite honest with you today.
. We're probably gonna keep it sucking because we have a better version of this
that is like much more expensive to do that we will build an MCP around. , but
when it doesn't suck, it's really valuable because all of a sudden you're able
to combine these two tools and it's not a chat prompt that's really helping you.

[00:25:19] **David Cramer:** It's like, oh, here's the diff here's the
suggestion. You know, like, now I can work through it. And there's interesting
use cases like that or. Here's a really good example. We were, we were gonna set
up one that is like setting up centuries, sometimes easy. And then you use
JavaScript and it's not easy. And so we're like, okay, let's just make it easy.

[00:25:35] **David Cramer:** If you, if you wanna run this thing, the MCP and
you're using one of these IDs, which everybody's going to at some point. It's
like, cool, you can just tell it, like, help me actually, you know, create a new
project and configure century and it'll do it. Like, and, and it's actually
pretty useful from that regard.

[00:25:49] **David Cramer:** But again, I think the real beauty is like when you
can string these together and then, and then like sort of there's the
overarching agent or prompt, if you will, that is like telling it how to string
them together or sort of working through it. [00:26:00] The reality though is
like, it's, it's super immature, like we're.

[00:26:03] **David Cramer:** One of the, if not the first production service to
market in sort of this remote MCP world, , that kind of supports the current gen
spec through, through CloudFlare and stuff. It's not just us doing it and there
is a lot of problems right now, so it's, it's super beta, but I have a lot of
conviction around this and I have very little conviction around most things in
the industry, so I feel very confident this is gonna be a thing.

[00:26:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was just gonna say like the way that I've kind
of framed AI based tools a lot in my mind and I like when they are per context,
so a microservice per context makes a lot of sense to me. And then because it
makes the efficiency of what you described for me to do on my own is I read this
doc.

[00:26:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** just assuming I'm unfamiliar across the board, I
read this doc and I spin up my project with whatever tool, kind of, , does all
of that configuration for me. And then I go over to centuries docs and I find,
you know, the one specific to whatever tool chain I'm using, and then I get that
info and then I try some things.

[00:26:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, it [00:27:00] basically creates a lot of
efficiencies in search and implementation on the easy parts, which is set things
up to make it work.

[00:27:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

[00:27:08] **David Cramer:** the cool thing is just, it's not really different
than the way the web works here. Here's the best analogy I gave people because.
First off, I think I know a lot more than most people and so I'm just gonna
assume I'm correct in this opinion. , and that what I mean is I have a lot of
damn experience building developer tools and things like this, and I pay
attention and there's a lot of naive opinions and I kind of like sift through
that.

[00:27:25] **David Cramer:** And, and my belief system around this is there,
there's a decision process which is like, oh, well these won't exist, or you
don't need this stuff. The LLMs are gonna become magical and crawl the internet
and answer every question correctly. And that that's not gonna happen. It just
doesn't make any sense.

[00:27:38] **David Cramer:** At least it's not gonna happen in probably our
lifetimes. but what does make sense is I have an API like a restful API. That's
a big deal on the internet. Before that, the internet was garbage. I didn't live
through it, but I've heard, I've heard horror stories, you know. , so we have
these APIs that are you knowI?

[00:27:51] **David Cramer:** Yeah. SOAP is a good example. but they're optimized
for machines, right? Js, ON, we could expose all products via J-S-O-N-A-P-I or
maybe a swagger interface [00:28:00] and it would suck. It would be absolutely
awful, the human to navigate through that thing, right?

[00:28:04] **David Cramer:** That's why you wouldn't do the same thing for LLMs,
because LLMs, you want actually language responses.

[00:28:08] **David Cramer:** You want structured data that actually is curated
around this. Thus, that's why I think this paradigm is actually really, really
important. And so what we did with Century is we wrapped some API calls and it
was super easy. Like I spun this up in like an AME for what it's worth. and then
I spent the next week fixing TypeScript.

[00:28:21] **David Cramer:** But I need to be able to see what organizations I
have access to. Yes, I could return this giant JSON blob to the LLM, but that
first off, that's inefficient. It's wildly inefficient. Or I can just take that
call, parse it down, and return literally just the list of slugs or IDs that it
will need to do anything from there.

[00:28:38] **David Cramer:** And it's not hard. And so it's really easy to
implement these things. And I actually, I'm, I'm very bullish that this is gonna
be like a big deal, especially in B2B, where we already have these APIs for
intercommunication, and then it's not like. Every single function is a
microservice, even though that's kind of how it looks.

[00:28:52] **David Cramer:** It's like, well, century as a whole has an API and
that is the microservice that it exposes for LLMs or agents, you [00:29:00]
know, kind of thing. And, but the problem is then when you wanna communicate a
bunch via a bunch of these, sure. It's more efficient than you doing as a human
going around Googling, doing all these things.

[00:29:08] **David Cramer:** But it's still not cheap. It's still lots and lots
of network operations and then passing 'em back into the LLM and rinse and
repeat. But it is very powerful and, and you can, you can kind of imagine what
this could look like, sort of drawing it out to its natural conclusion, which I
don't think is very far off.

[00:29:22] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming

[00:29:55] **Robbie Wagner:** I have a, a question, maybe not around Century
[00:30:00] specifically, but like thinking about SaaS products,

[00:30:03] **Robbie Wagner:** do you feel like unless you're doing some of this
more complex stuff where you're like leveraging all AI things yourself and like
building things that the common person using AI couldn't build? Are you just
kind of done like, can people just build all of the SaaS they want by just
asking an LLM to do it for them?

[00:30:21] **David Cramer:** Not a chance. It's garbage. We, you know what's
wild? If you went to rewind, I think two months, give or take, everybody's like,
holy shit, cogen engineers are out of a job. Not everybody, but like the, the
small brain people. everybody's like, yeah, we're just gonna vibe code
everything. And, you can build, you can spin up cogen, some crazy awesome
prototypes, some small features.

[00:30:39] **David Cramer:** And it's, impressive. Don't get me wrong. It's not
that advanced by any means. And it doesn't replace the need to, oh, I'm running
technology. I'm building technology. Right? And so that's a truth. And now you
look at today and everybody's like, why does it suck at this? Like it actually
regressed. In like those two months, like the new models and the new
implementation, they're actually performing worse in a lot of ways.

[00:30:58] **David Cramer:** And I am, I'm not a [00:31:00] scientist, I can't
tell you exactly why. There's conversation around the way they optimize them is
potentially optimizing for the wrong things. but it went from everybody's like,
in six months you're all out of jobs, or I'm not teaching my kids to write code
to today where you're like, Hmm, pretty sure we're, gonna be employed for a very
long period of life.

[00:31:16] **David Cramer:** And my, my sort of stance on it, for what it's
worth is it is. You cannot ignore any of this. If you are, you will be out of a
job, but it's not gonna replace you. It's just people that actually use
technology to be more efficient will replace you. And so for me, you know, I, I
can sort of write code these days.

[00:31:32] **David Cramer:** , like I, I just did like a, a simple test a while
back and I was like generating some tests. Normally what you do, you, I, I'm
kind of a test driven guy, and this is on Pete. I'm like writing an API endpoint
and all of these endpoints look exactly the same, right? So I'm like, I need to
implement a similar, you know, 30% overlap of tests, but the scaffolding looks
the same for this new API endpoint.

[00:31:50] **David Cramer:** A P endpoint looks almost the same. And normally
I'd copy paste the file and then I would go change everything, like rewrite it
basically. But I'd have a bunch of the boilerplate and I'm like, okay.
[00:32:00] And I sort of time myself doing one. So this is, this is. Not
scientific mind you. and then I did the same thing with a similar scoped
problem, but same thing like implement, endpoint, implement tests.

[00:32:11] **David Cramer:** And I did it primarily with code gen. And then I, I
tweaked a couple things and whatnot, and I was like, it was between two and
three x sort of my speed of, of execution. And that to me is impressive. And,
and that's like I, it's my code base. I'm an expert in it. I'm not blocking on
anybody. So that's like a big deal, right?

[00:32:26] **David Cramer:** and the type of head's pretty good. And there's all
these like little things now. V zeros of the world. They're cool. It's cool
technology. Is it practical? Probably for something for education is cool,
right? Like exposure and stuff, but like for real world, like enterprise, if you
will. We're not building technology companies with this, this technology, if you
will, anytime soon.

[00:32:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** I like the idea of it playing into a figma based
workflow though. Like what if you using the V zero to sort of be your iterative
engine and then getting some boiler plate outta that Again, you have to change.
I've been able to [00:33:00] be successful with that a little bit here and
there, which I found interesting.

[00:33:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it is, there's so much stuff out there. There
is no one to rule them all. like with many things, the language you pick or
whatever else. It depends. It's like, you know, the standard developer feedback
is, well, it depends. I can't answer your question exactly for everything. It
depends.

[00:33:23] **David Cramer:** Yeah. What I think is cool though is like you can
take a pm somebody that like isn't an engineer, like maybe they know a little
bit about code and they can kind of do stuff now, like maybe they can't really
write production code and frankly, the, the outcome, especially over a period of
time of them doing this, like generating a bunch of stuff is bad.

[00:33:40] **David Cramer:** But they can contribute or they can POC something
and that that actually is useful. It's not the value prop everybody says is
happening. It's not like, again, it's not replacing engineers, but like our VP
of marketing, I don't remember, he actually tried to contribute to PED and
unfortunately he picked a problem that is harder than it sounds.

[00:33:56] **David Cramer:** But he was able to get somewhere with it, and
that's kind of cool, you know? [00:34:00] you still gotta be driven and you
gotta figure things out, but it is exposure. Or like, kids, like, they're like,
oh, I wanna make like a little video game or something. I'm like, that's cool.
You know, it's, it's not gonna make, I don't know, Assassin's Creed or something
ever.

[00:34:10] **David Cramer:** , it might help the people to build those to be
more efficient, like whether you are a fan or not have generated art and stuff
like that. One of the cool things is it does help you be maybe not more
creative, but like do things that maybe you lack the skills for and they're
gonna be less good than if you had the skills.

[00:34:24] **David Cramer:** But like Pete did, all the shit is AI generated,
like all the visuals. , and it's kind of useful for like a solo developer and
stuff. But Pete did also net negative hundreds of dollars every month. And so
clearly not replacing anything right now.

[00:34:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it's the name. You know, unless you're
marketing that in Scotland, which is a real

[00:34:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** small

[00:34:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** place.

[00:34:43] **David Cramer:** I'm gonna blow this thing up one day,

[00:34:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. I, want the

[00:34:46] **David Cramer:** 10 year plan.

[00:34:48] **Robbie Wagner:** I would propose a rename to weeded

[00:34:51] **Robbie Wagner:** instead.

[00:34:52] **David Cramer:** You have no idea how hard the domain thing, domain
name thing was. and I ended up shelling out like three grand for peter.com
because I could not [00:35:00] find any domain that didn't suck. And I'm like,
this is close enough to not sucking. I'm taking it.

[00:35:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, for sure. I'm actually surprised it was
only three grand.

[00:35:07] **David Cramer:** Yeah. I

[00:35:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that's pretty decent. Yes, exactly. Uh,
are domain squatters going away? What's

[00:35:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** happening?

[00:35:14] **David Cramer:** all on AI now.

[00:35:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, of course. Yeah. 'cause that's where
the money is.

[00:35:18] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, we can sell you whiskey FM if you want.

[00:35:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that's a good one. I was

[00:35:23] **David Cramer:** That is a good one. Yeah.

[00:35:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:35:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:35:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, it applies to our context pretty well.
okay, Robbie, do you think you understand a lot more what MCP, what an MCP is?

[00:35:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think

[00:35:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** context, provider, or protocol? Which one? Is it
provider or

[00:35:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** protocol? Oh, okay. It's one of those, it's

[00:35:41] **David Cramer:** it doesn't matter. I mean, it's the same thing. So
it's like whatever.

[00:35:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Model context repeated.

[00:35:45] **David Cramer:** yeah. It is like one of those things, if you ever
like mess with an agent or you know what the tool calling paradigm is or roughly
know what it is, it is not a comp. Like this is so far from rocket science, it's
like hello world shit.

[00:35:55] **David Cramer:** And it's like as soon as you know that you're like,
oh, it's just the function calls are hosted on a remote or are [00:36:00]
described and hosted on a remote server. It's just a restful API server speaking
LLM,

[00:36:03] **David Cramer:** so,

[00:36:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in the grand scheme of
things, if you're building things on the web, for the most part, let's say 80%,
I'm being generous, are not rocket science. Like, no, no. Humans are harmed with
the failing of these things. You can't buy stuff, you can't monitor stuff, you
can't bitch about stuff

[00:36:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, until you run stuff from NPM on, uh, space
shuttles, which would not. Recommend.

[00:36:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nora, the last time you were on a space shuttle,
you were like, oh, this is bad. I hope

[00:36:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** we

[00:36:31] **David Cramer:** Oh, I got, I gotta tell you a story.

[00:36:32] **David Cramer:** , I can't tell you who this is, but there's a
company that, , one of the people working at the company was at

[00:36:36] **David Cramer:** our

[00:36:36] **David Cramer:** office

[00:36:36] **David Cramer:** the other

[00:36:37] **David Cramer:** day for. Now, good guess. But, but they launched
satellites. I don't know exactly what the satellites do. And they're like, oh
yeah, yeah, we're, , , putting Century on these satellites.

[00:36:46] **David Cramer:** And I'm like, that makes no sense. And I'm like,
what do you mean? And they're like, well, we we're using the SDK and we're
launching the satellites and we have to self-host Century because of government,
blah, blah, blah. I'm like, so you just have bugs on the satellites?

[00:36:58] **David Cramer:** And I think the answer was [00:37:00] yes, but I'm
like, that's kind of cool.

[00:37:01] **David Cramer:** You know, it's, it, it doesn't make a lot of sense,
but it's kind of cool. I.

[00:37:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** That is kind of cool. The like show in other
contexts. It's not just, you know, this, you're not limited to the web context

[00:37:11] **David Cramer:** Yeah, we'll, you know, we'll capture crashes
anywhere.

[00:37:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Yeah. Teslas, whatever real life crashes
century alert, your

[00:37:19] **David Cramer:** This was, um, there's a little bit of, , you
probably don't wanna do this, but when we were talking about F1, we're like, how
would we make this fun? And we're like, what if we could host the Century Crash
Report? And the problem with that is people could die if there's a crash, but if
you just pretend that couldn't happen, you're like, that would be funny.

[00:37:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. It's like funny until dead. It was like,
well, this one resulted in a massive

[00:37:37] **David Cramer:** So what I want to do is I wanna do that with
Go-Karting, and just like host some kind of go-kart thing. Then like sensory
will sponsor it. We'll do like live sports casting or whatever with it. And
it'll be like, and now back to the Century Crash report. And it's just like, I
don't know, it's like Dax or somebody driving into a wall.

[00:37:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh gosh. Tax. He's not good at everything. Okay.
Just get

[00:37:57] **David Cramer:** Is he

[00:37:57] **Robbie Wagner:** he said he, he said he was. We asked [00:38:00]
him and he was like, I can't think of a single thing. I'm not good.

[00:38:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's Lisa. I'm good at basketball. I
don't know, I watched him play basketball. I wasn't impressed.

[00:38:08] **David Cramer:** I was not impressed either. , there was one person
good at basketball on that team, and that was somebody from Century.

[00:38:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:38:13] **David Cramer:** Their name is, uh, Jonas, but they're, they're one
of the guys that works on our profiling stuff. It was, uh, the,

[00:38:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nice.

[00:38:19] **David Cramer:** the, uh, the Carrie, I would say.

[00:38:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah, there you go. Is there gonna be
another basketball thing? Well, okay, let's go into this a little bit because we
are probably gonna see each other

[00:38:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** next week. I'm guessing. Is there gonna be
another basketball game?

[00:38:33] **David Cramer:** I don't know. Actually. I don't know what's public
and what's not. I do know there is something, and it's not a basketball game.

[00:38:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. But the thing was announced already with
like Taylor and Guillermo and I think,

[00:38:44] **David Cramer:** Oh, for the basketball game. I do remember

[00:38:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** or, okay.

[00:38:47] **David Cramer:** I don't know if that's in Miami.

[00:38:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, they're gonna have that open source like
talk off or whatever.

[00:38:52] **David Cramer:** Oh, I remember there was talk about like VL versus.

[00:38:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There

[00:38:57] **David Cramer:** in basketball.

[00:38:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, there was that. I don't know if

[00:38:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:39:00] Because they had the jerseys.

[00:39:01] **David Cramer:** Yeah,

[00:39:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, they, they already have the jerseys and
then they showed the V zero jerseys and then

[00:39:06] **David Cramer:** not, not, much. Action is all I'm gonna say. You
know

[00:39:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** well that's been my experience as well with
Versel. A lot of talk. No action. Send them whiskey and then they No. Show you.
Yep.

[00:39:17] **David Cramer:** bril. Don't get mad at me. I didn't say anything.

[00:39:19] **David Cramer:** I swear. I love

[00:39:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** anything. They might

[00:39:21] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, Guillermo never listens to this,

[00:39:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There's a good chance he doesn't, he's not
on, I don't know. Maybe, maybe

[00:39:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** he's or you'll talk to him. The one time.

[00:39:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** That he is like, I'll give these guys another
chance.

[00:39:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're still talking shit about me. Yes.

[00:39:35] **Robbie Wagner:** we want to have Guillermo and Dax on an episode
next week if we can make it happen.

[00:39:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's the thing we were shooting for. So I
don't know. , I have dreams of making amends with, with Guillermo. We sent him
whiskey. He never showed.

[00:39:48] **David Cramer:** Hmm.

[00:39:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's the TLDR,

[00:39:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** so

[00:39:50] **David Cramer:** I do like the idea of Dax and Guillermo, and it's
just like caption is little bro versus big, bro.

[00:39:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean I think it'd be a good thing. Well,
we're gonna be like set up and [00:40:00] hanging out in like a main area, so
there's definitely gonna be some room for, you know, off the cuff. Short
discussions slash drinks. We are gonna have booze there. It will be rum. , gonna
find some interesting rums. I don't know a ton about rums, but I've had some
aged rums and they can be very good.

[00:40:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** if you give it that and, and have more natural
ingredients, RI Helvetica will be one of our guests and he has suggestions. So I
don't know. Anyway,

[00:40:27] **Robbie Wagner:** He has rum

[00:40:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'll, I'll be have booze. Yeah, he has rum
suggestions.

[00:40:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I thought he was too healthy.

[00:40:33] **David Cramer:** we got, uh, we got married in St. Lucia, , some
years back, and Caribbean rum. Right. I don't know much about rum, but my
experience of rum is, it's like bourbon, but worse in the sense of, I. Sweet rum
is very sweet. And we did have some, we just, because it was our wedding, we're
like, oh, we gotta get some of the, it's basically branded, rum, or I forget
what you call it when they buy the casks and they re relabel it.

[00:40:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** private label or

[00:40:55] **David Cramer:** yeah, something like that. But they, they have,
it's like one distillery on the island. We brought back, I [00:41:00] think
three different bottles from that distillery. Two are like the same thing, just
different labelings. And then one was like, um. I I don't know if it's actually
aged more or something like that.

[00:41:07] **David Cramer:** And, and then we're not bad. They're definitely,
it's like it's hard to drink it regularly though. It's just really, really
sweet.

[00:41:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, see, so for me, when you get something
that's aged like 20 years plus, then it starts to get

[00:41:18] **David Cramer:** Yeah. I.

[00:41:19] **Robbie Wagner:** But then there's none of it left.

[00:41:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** it doesn't suffer from the same, there's no one
bunkering rum, so that's like kind of the plus

[00:41:28] **Robbie Wagner:** No. No. I mean, like if you age anything in a
barrel for 20 years, there's like one bottle left in

[00:41:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** of it. Yeah. Yeah. we'll see. We'll kind of come
around to that.

[00:41:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** One more drinking question of course. And that
is, I don't know, Robbie put this, so I guess he's really obsessed with it. But,
, do you want to have some malor in Miami?

[00:41:46] **David Cramer:** I had, I think I've had this,

[00:41:48] **David Cramer:** is this the

[00:41:49] **Robbie Wagner:** would remember?

[00:41:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes,

[00:41:50] **David Cramer:** Uh, fuck this,

[00:41:51] **David Cramer:** this stuff

[00:41:51] **David Cramer:** is

[00:41:51] **David Cramer:** disgusting. So I

[00:41:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is incredibly disgusting.

[00:41:55] **David Cramer:** was this? Like some, it might've been Eve six, one
of these like semi-famous musician [00:42:00] people. I don't know why, but they
were following me on Twitter. I don't think they understood who I was.

[00:42:04] **David Cramer:** That's probably part of it. It was an accident kind
of thing. And I was in Chicago and I'm like, what should I do? And their
response was like, something cheeky about drink mall Lord. And I'm like, what
the fuck is this? , and I have friends that are like locals. I'm pretty sure we
tried it that time around.

[00:42:18] **David Cramer:** And if we didn't, I definitely can imagine what it
tastes like. 'cause I've had plenty of these kind of like herbal liqueurs and
stuff over the year.

[00:42:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I like amaros. I like herbal liqueurs. Like
I, you know, Fett and Coke. I will drink

[00:42:30] **David Cramer:** Have you had a,

[00:42:31] **David Cramer:** have you had, this is not a, like a, a dirty joke.
It's called Unicom. It's like U and ICUM. Um, it looks like a little potion
bottle. The bottle actually looks very cool. It's uh, it's either Belgium or
Hungarian or something like that. It is like a worse version of the others.
That's all it is.

[00:42:45] **David Cramer:** It's just like the same thing, but worse.

[00:42:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like a Jagermeister,

[00:42:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** but like bad because

[00:42:50] **David Cramer:** Jagermeister

[00:42:50] **David Cramer:** but you're even more annoyed after the fact. Like
you're like, why did I

[00:42:53] **David Cramer:** drink that?

[00:42:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. the only time I wasn't annoyed, I was like
22, you know, and then I was like, [00:43:00] Jagermeister, you know, that was
whatever, stupid things. But when

[00:43:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:43:03] **David Cramer:** Was it like vodka? What? What did you drink with
it? I can't remember. It's like Jager and something.

[00:43:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** red Bull, that was a big thing for a while.

[00:43:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** There was one where you would drop a Jaeger
shot, like in beer and chug

[00:43:14] **David Cramer:** Oh,

[00:43:15] **David Cramer:** yeah, yeah, yeah.

[00:43:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:43:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** It wasn't flaming Dr. Pepper.

[00:43:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause

[00:43:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:43:18] **David Cramer:** No, that was, um, Dr. Pepper I think is just rum

[00:43:21] **David Cramer:** or something like, or

[00:43:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it was

[00:43:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Bacardi one. It was, it was Bacardi 1 51.

[00:43:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause it's such a

[00:43:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** high proof. So they started on fire and then

[00:43:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** boom.

[00:43:29] **David Cramer:** Yeah.

[00:43:29] **David Cramer:** it, it does taste like Dr. Pepper, to be fair. I
remember this

[00:43:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know. Yeager is,
yeah, it's been tainted. I, there used to be rumors because of the deer on the

[00:43:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** label,

[00:43:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** that it includes some deer's blood,

[00:43:43] **David Cramer:** Everybody's always got

[00:43:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** whatever else.

[00:43:45] **David Cramer:** flat earthers. They're always spreading something,
you know.

[00:43:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. I mean, I've, I don't know
personally if the world is round, maybe the right, you know,

[00:43:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:43:55] **Robbie Wagner:** If you ran in a circle long enough, you would get
back to where you started, right?[00:44:00]

[00:44:00] **David Cramer:** Hypothetically,

[00:44:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, that's the

[00:44:03] **David Cramer:** but, oh, it's a weird coincidence that there's, uh,
an ocean here. Just the thing that would stop us from proving that.

[00:44:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** hmm. Darn it. I was so close to starting my
walk. I've got so much time left on this earth. I can make it. Uh. so yes, my
Lord. Well, I'll get enough rum in you and then we'll see where my Lord goes. I

[00:44:22] **Robbie Wagner:** I assume the payload guys will be there

[00:44:24] **Robbie Wagner:** again.

[00:44:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Actually. I asked. Yeah, so that was our thing
last year, is we were hanging out with the folks from payload CMS, and they were
like, come with us.

[00:44:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you gotta try. My lord, my Lord, blah,
blah. And you'd already been drinking a bit before that and we have it. And I
was like, oh my God, this is disgusting. And I can't get it outta my mouth, like
I'm drinking beer and Oh yeah. It was an experience, so I remember, that's why
I'm like, did you have it?

[00:44:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because you would definitely

[00:44:51] **David Cramer:** I've had it, but I've had so many of these that,
and they all are kind of painful, like that we, we used to do like octoberfest
stuff, like in SF and whatnot, and even comes really bad. But we'd um,
[00:45:00] berg

[00:45:01] **David Cramer:** like the

[00:45:01] **David Cramer:** German

[00:45:01] **David Cramer:** one, which is, it's, that one's actually not
terrible,

[00:45:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't mind that. That's like, so there was,
when I was in DC there were like these, , like supper clubs that were all over
the place. And you'd have these like very interesting, , like culinary
experiences where you're like, at someone's house and they're doing these like
chef like things.

[00:45:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it was very popular for a little while for
that, that to be like a, or an appetite starter. A well, yeah, APER. Apro, TiVo
is like kind of af. Yeah. Anyway, digestive is after Aper. TiVos before you were
right. , but anyway, that was like a big thing at these little supper clubs and
you'd have that and you'd be like a little herbally, kind of bitter, I don't
know.

[00:45:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Weird. But it's interesting.

[00:45:42] **David Cramer:** I think that's the culture of a lot of these, you
know, I, I've never really lived that culture, but like in Italy, I know that's
like the thing, , where it's like there's areas that are just known for it and
you treat it like that. It's like, yeah, just your after dinner thing. It's like
we're just gonna go have a small bit of this and it's probably okay in that
regard.

[00:45:58] **David Cramer:** I don't think that's how people treat my Lord
though.

[00:45:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:46:00] No, no, but they're Midwesterners, so
they overdo everything. Right? Like keg stands, my Lord. Wow. Whatever. Listen,
casseroles are an American standard, okay? I love casserole. I like.

[00:46:13] **Robbie Wagner:** you make casseroles though?

[00:46:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Tuna casserole.

[00:46:16] **Robbie Wagner:** you personally make, make a casserole.

[00:46:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

[00:46:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** I absolutely a few times a year because that's a
thing as a kid, I loved tuna casserole with the chips. Don't do, some people do,
what? Is it like Ritz crackers or something? No. It needs to be potato chips on
top.

[00:46:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. I

[00:46:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Ritz crackers sounds better. Having never had
either, I would choose

[00:46:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Ritz

[00:46:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** You've

[00:46:35] **David Cramer:** know. Have you ever taken like a sandwich? Just
pick any of your generic sandwich and put just like regular potato chips on it.

[00:46:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Absolutely. It's amazing with Crunch and

[00:46:46] **David Cramer:** There's gonna be a lot of people that judge this,
but it is. It is amazing. I.

[00:46:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** like a, a barbecue chicken sandwich, a little
bit of chips. Oh, well-rounded. I've done it with a bunch of different things,
so yeah, absolutely.

[00:46:57] **David Cramer:** get like like, the just lays kind of [00:47:00]
suck. They're a little like oily and stuff, but like you can just get like
regular, regular as potato chips, kettle chips or something, and it's just, it's
so amazing with the crunch.

[00:47:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. Culinary, tipsy, or well-rounded man,

[00:47:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** not

[00:47:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** just a fast hyper. Yeah.

[00:47:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Did you know that I'm moving to Italy in the

[00:47:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** summer? Speaking of. Yes, houses under contract.
, I have my apartment rental contract as of today, and

[00:47:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** then you get it

[00:47:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** registered with the tax authority, and then I
get to go to the consulate in LA and let them know as a digital or nomad worker,
remote worker, that I would like to bring my money to their country.

[00:47:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** And if they say yes, then

[00:47:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** there

[00:47:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:47:38] **David Cramer:** That's cool. Are you

[00:47:39] **Robbie Wagner:** and if they.

[00:47:40] **David Cramer:** is it gonna be permanent?

[00:47:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have no idea. We have a three year plan. Every
move we make, , is kind of like we give it three years. 'cause one year is not
really enough and your second year you're like really settling and, and enjoying
it. And you kind of know then what what it is. And then in the third year you're
either making plans to move back or you're making plans to stay

[00:47:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** longer.

[00:47:59] **David Cramer:** [00:48:00] Yeah.

[00:48:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** To who knows. And ammo. yeah, that's one of my
favorite, well, that's my son's favorite Italian phrase.

[00:48:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, I like

[00:48:07] **Robbie Wagner:** know yours.

[00:48:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alora. Yeah, Alora.

[00:48:11] **Robbie Wagner:** I still don't know how to use it, but uh, I like
to say it.

[00:48:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's kinda like chow. You just use it all the
time. 'cause it means like, hi, bye. Okay. Like, whatever. Alo.

[00:48:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, if you like look up the definition, it's
like, so I guess or

[00:48:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** of like, and so we move to the next

[00:48:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** topic or,

[00:48:29] **Robbie Wagner:** But it's like they use it for everything. If
you're like, I don't know enough Italian, but I can just hear like a
conversation and kind of get the gist of what they're talking about and they're
saying it everywhere and I'm like, I don't know how you use this.

[00:48:40] **David Cramer:** Yeah.

[00:48:41] **David Cramer:** you have that in so many languages. I don't know,

[00:48:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:48:44] **David Cramer:** just weird cultural languages. I don't know.

[00:48:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we have our own things, so we can't
complain too much. We get weird shit for everybody.

[00:48:53] **Robbie Wagner:** this is totally random, but I was just looking at
your Twitter and it said you were not Chris Hemsworth. Can [00:49:00] you
explain that?

[00:49:01] **David Cramer:** And

[00:49:02] **David Cramer:** I thought it was pretty obvious. I'm not Chris
Hemsworth. No.

[00:49:06] **Robbie Wagner:** No, but do you get that a lot?

[00:49:08] **David Cramer:** whenever, whenever my wife is annoyed about my hair
and I go get it cut, like I change my hair.

[00:49:14] **David Cramer:** She's like, you know, you go to, if you've ever
gone like had hair, like real hair, and you go to any like salon, it's like,
well, what is, what do you want it to look at?

[00:49:22] **David Cramer:** You have to bring pictures. Right? so the first
time I did this was Covid when I had a lot of hair. And I go in and I show them
a picture of Brad Pitt and I'm like, can you make me look like this? And then,
and that one, they, they they knew it was Brad Pitt. Let's just put it that way.

[00:49:36] **David Cramer:** this recent one, I had short hair. Now, I went in
and I showed them a picture of Chris Hemsworth and I'm like, can you make me
look like Chris Hemsworth? And they had no idea who this is. And at some point
they're like, oh, is that, is that the guy from some random TV show? I'm like,
no, no, no. It's like, it's, it's Thor.

[00:49:52] **David Cramer:** And then the guy looks at me and he is like, you
don't look like Thor. And I'm like, you know, that's, that's why I'm here. Like,
and so it's just, [00:50:00] there's always some version of this, but

[00:50:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I love that. I've definitely done that.
Brought pictures in of like, I want this, and they're like, you don't, you don't
have that hair. You don't

[00:50:08] **David Cramer:** It's like, uh, where's the jawline? You know,
where's

[00:50:10] **David Cramer:** everything

[00:50:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:50:11] **David Cramer:** That makes this make sense?

[00:50:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Your hair is wavy, theirs is very straight. Or

[00:50:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, like whatever. Yeah. Definitely, I've
had a little of that.

[00:50:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** I want to address your desire to be a race car
driver. You, bought a, an envious sim racing rig. I'd started on that path
briefly, but I have kids and my whole life just didn't really quite allow that
to happen. so how has that been? I mean, you're in SF now,

[00:50:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:50:37] **David Cramer:** It is, uh, I do not have access to anything.

[00:50:39] **David Cramer:** so I actually don't want to be a race car driver. I
enjoy immersion and I like driving and I like cars. I actually have very little
desire to actually go really track a car, let alone a car I pay for. the nine 11
I bought for everybody's context.

[00:50:55] **David Cramer:** If you miss all this stuff is. , it's like a
$300,000 car, right? Very expensive. I want it [00:51:00] to stay worth
$300,000. So it's actually sitting in a storage unit right now

[00:51:03] **David Cramer:** because it's winter or

[00:51:04] **David Cramer:** it's

[00:51:04] **David Cramer:** winter ish. Yeah. Well, I have nowhere to put it,
is the problem. , welcome to San Francisco Life.

[00:51:10] **David Cramer:** anyways, this was like, this is, you know, I'm, I'm
not super rich.

[00:51:13] **David Cramer:** I just like bought and sold a bunch of Nvidia and
I'm, once upon a time it looked like I was a genius and now my accounts look
like everybody else's account. So it didn't really help.

[00:51:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:51:21] **David Cramer:** But anyways, I bought this car and I'm like, oh,
it'd be fun to go really fast in it, but also I'm like, I don't wanna wreck
this.

[00:51:25] **David Cramer:** And so I will never track it. and the sim racing
thing, and I'm like, oh, you know, I, I had a rig once upon a time, but it was
like one of those like cheap rigs where it's like, cost you under a thousand
dollars to bill. And it's like, fine. It's not bad by any means, but it's not,
it's not immersive. And I'm like, you know what?

[00:51:39] **David Cramer:** , same Nvidia funny money I had. I'm like, let's
build a real sim rig. This cost me a lot more. To be fair, I already had the
desktop pc, which helps, , but I mean, I have motion on it that's like eight
grand already. And so I kind of went all out and I'm like, I just want
immersion. I'm not trying for like, am I gonna be a competitive race or
anything, but when I use this and I like, I enjoy like doing this stuff.

[00:51:59] **David Cramer:** I want [00:52:00] it to actually be like very, very
interesting. I don't want it to be a job and that's why I actually don't want to
doing the competitive stuff. I'm like, I really like going casually raising
mostly against the computer and stuff, but I have it on the to-do to race Dax,
because I guess he's into this stuff too.

[00:52:12] **David Cramer:** Yeah. yeah, but it, it's, it's cool. Like, I don't
know, I had this broad ambition where I was gonna learn I can't drive a stick,
which is kind of embarrassing. , and I was gonna learn over my sabbatical and I
don't have a manual either, so it doesn't really help 'cause you actually need a
car.

[00:52:24] **David Cramer:** And so I was gonna take some lessons. I'm like,
well, what if the, the sim rig can kind of help me get used to the field? And so
I have a pretty immersive like, uh, H shifter as well. but also the, the, the
pro tip, if you've never. Driven a race car is, they do not like, uh, it's, it's
has nothing remotely similar to driving the car you drive normally it is like,
breaking is hard, steering is hard, all of these things, right.

[00:52:46] **David Cramer:** And I, I have actually driven a race car before,
like I've done the track experience stuff

[00:52:51] **David Cramer:** and it is a little reminiscent of that, I will say.
but I, I honestly haven't gotten a ton of use out of it. This is like the worst
hobby project because it takes so much fiddling with things like, have you
[00:53:00] ever done, like home automation or something?

[00:53:01] **David Cramer:** This is like that, but worse.

[00:53:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's why I got out. I was like, Nope, this
isn't for me. Like the idea is great. right now I have an old, uh, 85, 9 44 5
speed. Come on down. Spend a couple days drive it. Old school,

[00:53:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's

[00:53:15] **Robbie Wagner:** can even have it afterwards 'cause Chuck will move
to Italy.

[00:53:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you can't beat it up 'cause it has 17,000
miles on a 40-year-old car. So that's a whole different thing, but you can
definitely drive it and drive it a little bit

[00:53:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** hard, so,

[00:53:27] **David Cramer:** Yeah. I, I wish I had a place to park the nine 11
right now. , it's kinda weird in San Francisco too. We've got hills everywhere.
I can't commute or anything. Even if it, even if it made sense to drive a car to
work, it's a pain in the ass. And so I'm

[00:53:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** a car club here called Auto Car Club, A-O-T-T-O,
sponsored by Auto Car Club, , up in Scottsdale near the Air Park, and it's a
storage facility

[00:53:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** slash car club slash they have a track on site
so you can take your car out and do some fun stuff if you want.

[00:53:53] **David Cramer:** I've, I've heard about where were we? We were in
like Carmel or something,

[00:53:57] **David Cramer:** or maybe it was Palm Springs. I don't know. We were
somewhere [00:54:00] that had space for a track and they're like, yeah, there's
a private track for the homeowners in the area or something. And I'm like, that
is insane. Cool. I don't want it, but insane.

[00:54:10] **David Cramer:** like,

[00:54:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Just goes to show you what's out

[00:54:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** there.

[00:54:13] **David Cramer:** yeah. I had no idea. Like you would never know.

[00:54:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You haven't, you're not rich enough yet.
That's what it is. Once you get to the next level, then they're like, by the
way, behind this showcase

[00:54:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** is,

[00:54:23] **David Cramer:** mean, I'm gonna have to, the rate things are going,
I'm gonna have to sell the nine 11.

[00:54:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:54:28] **David Cramer:** Come on, government.

[00:54:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know. Well, anyway, that's devolving

[00:54:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Before we jump into that, we are about at
time. is there anything you wanna plug before we end?

[00:54:40] **David Cramer:** you know, MCP stuff. Cool. You wanna chat about it?
Find me. I'm gonna be very hardcore about this in the near future and there's a
lot of tech that needs fix to make it good, but, you know, otherwise, I, I'm
always down to do this, so I'm just like, yeah, I'll come hang out and drink a
little bit of whiskey

[00:54:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Or rum. Or rum or

[00:54:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** mallor.

[00:54:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we'll see what I, I'll see what I can
encourage you [00:55:00] to do. I'm all about bad habits and I think I'll be
hanging out with Ken Wheeler, so

[00:55:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** we'll see

[00:55:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh.

[00:55:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** peter.com. Folks, don't forget that merch coming
soon and open source project. Feel free to fix some issues.

[00:55:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Cool.

[00:55:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Boom, boom, boom.

[00:55:15] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
