[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alright. Welcome everybody to another episode of
React Rum. Rum react and ramblings. I did it again. That's okay. Anyway, it's
even better. Yeah. You know, it's not live stream.

[00:00:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I could always rerecord it later. , anyway, I'm
your host, Charles William Carpenter ii here with my special guest co-host Aaron
Francis. I am standing in as

[00:00:57] **Aaron Francis:** special guest, co-host and happy to be here. Well,
that's

[00:00:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:01:00] guest co-host.

[00:01:00] **Aaron Francis:** It's in the name. I know. Okay.

[00:01:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** , and I'm here with my guest. Uh, hold on.

[00:01:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where's your badge? Uh, Guillermo Ro. Is that
right? Yeah. New new guy. We just met him. Yeah. Which is right into him. Yeah.
Jump on the podcast and, and hang out with us. Uh,

[00:01:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** so Guillermo or G as you may like to be called,
for those who don't know who you are and what you do, mind introducing yourself.

[00:01:22] **Guillermo Rauch:** I'm Guillermo Rouch.

[00:01:23] **Guillermo Rauch:** I started Versal, formerly known as Zeit. Yes.
Many, many years ago. I started the next JS project and many moons ago I
started, uh, open source project called Socket io and Mongos. So I've been
around the JavaScript block for a while and I'm really happy to be here at React
Miami for the first time.

[00:01:43] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[00:01:44] **Guillermo Rauch:** Thanks

[00:01:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** for joining us there. Thanks for fixing my
pronunciation. You did kind of snipe my, I was gonna make the Zeit reference
because I have been a user since back in the Zeit days. Thank you. I would now
my stuff. To

[00:01:56] **Guillermo Rauch:** the internet. It was magic. We should give
people a badge if they log [00:02:00] in as an account that was creating during
the zy days.

[00:02:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** That would be pretty cool though. That'd be very
cool. Yeah. All right. I'll click on it. I think,

[00:02:07] **Aaron Francis:** honestly, and I'm gonna betray myself, I've never
used React in my life, but I think I would get that badge really, because I,
back in the day, I think I deployed with Zeit.

[00:02:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Cool. Yeah. I signed up for everything back in
the day.

[00:02:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause I used, I just wanted to get my usernames
everywhere.

[00:02:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's very important.

[00:02:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It kind of matters. Like I want to be
Chuck Carpenter on the internet everywhere. If

[00:02:25] **Guillermo Rauch:** I'm not Rouch G on the internet, on everything,
I freak out. Yeah. So we need an agent, an AI agent that goes out into the wild,
into the internet.

[00:02:33] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. And just si up for everything. Just to
squat. Just squats on domains using and the handles. Yeah. It's perfect. It's
not a bad idea. I love it. It's a

[00:02:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** good career option for you. You should like
think about trying this, the whole for self thing doesn't work out. You got a
good plan B, you can make gates of dollars doing this.

[00:02:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm ideas guy. Okay. I mean, frankly. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I get that. I get that vibe from you.

[00:02:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alright, so we start this show typically with
whiskey, but special for [00:03:00] this one. We're doing rum and today's rum
for this. Yeah. I'm not sure if you're familiar with it. Florida, Kanye,
Florida, Kanye. , this is the 18-year-old expression.

[00:03:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know what's on about rums, but I do know
that aged rums. Are a little bit tastier than your like normal mix it with Coke,
kind of anything that's aged. Sounds amazing, right? Mm-hmm. Right. I agree.
Yeah. Yeah.

[00:03:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** Except for software. There's this quote of
software ages, like milk, not wine. Yeah. Have you heard it accurate?

[00:03:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's the best. Yeah. The latest. So other than
software, we want everything to be aged. I agree. What about your podcast host?
Do you like them? Age? 'cause

[00:03:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm not getting any younger. I love them.

[00:03:37] **Guillermo Rauch:** Experienced in, in the arena for many, many
years. You ask

[00:03:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** amazing questions. Oh boy. Well, I'm about to
underwhelm me, so hold on.

[00:03:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Here I am now. Pouring said rum. , I would guess
I know this is a pretty decent brand. It is. From

[00:03:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** here we go. Thank you sir. Yes, thank you.
Jumping on that fairly kind, I mean, [00:04:00] sounds Yeah. Cuban, possibly
Nicaragua. Oh, okay. Yeah. Product

[00:04:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** of Nicaragua. I,

[00:04:06] **Guillermo Rauch:** Product of Nicaragua flo de kenya.com. Yes. We
should look up how that's built. Mm-hmm. Yes. Are they using x js? Yeah. If not,
I just spit this. Mm-hmm. This

[00:04:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** out. Yeah. it's the barrier to entry as they,
even your spirits marketing site must be built in next

[00:04:24] **Guillermo Rauch:** gs. Yes. In fact, one of our big clients is
Diageo.

[00:04:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh yeah. I know. They own a lot of, uh, alcohol
brands about all of them, half of them.

[00:04:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's fun to, I mean, we're joking obviously, but
every single company in the world is going through digital transformation,
right? Like, yeah, this company's probably been around for decades and decades
and decades. And now they have to start thinking about, well, like what's all
this direct to consumer thing?

[00:04:44] **Guillermo Rauch:** Are we gonna get this intermediated? Are we just
gonna be this little icon or logo in the big shops like amazon.com? And how do
we rethink and reinvent ourselves in digital age? And now people are thinking
about that in the context of ai. And,

[00:04:58] **Guillermo Rauch:** know, I started my company thinking about.
[00:05:00] Developer experience and just being a geek, solving my own problems.

[00:05:04] **Guillermo Rauch:** But it's, it's immensely rewarding that now we
get to solve huge problems that could, uh, we could never anticipated mm-hmm.
For every company in the world. I mean, that's, that's kind of the power of the
web's power to react. We just talked about it on the, we, the panel. No one knew
how big these things were gonna get.

[00:05:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** at the same time, we're only at like 1% of the
web. Like if you even measure like how many websites and web applications are
built with React, oh gosh, we're all in the, you know, hype like cloud, Twitter,
X World of, we take it for granted, but it's still relatively minuscule in the
grand scheme of things.

[00:05:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** And AI is making it seem even more minuscule,
you know? Yeah. Only single digit million developers that know react. There's
hundreds of millions that know how to, you know, use Microsoft Excel mm-hmm. And
things like that. So yeah. So

[00:05:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** the ubiquity that can kind of come over the next
decades, it's like there's a lot of opportunity.

[00:05:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** That. Yep. And I think

[00:05:59] **Aaron Francis:** you're right, it does [00:06:00] feel like on,
Twitter x.com, everything else. Saturation. Yeah. Right. Market saturation. It
feels saturated. Yeah. But yeah, when you look at the real stats and you're
like, wait, WordPress does what? We got a long way to go. We gotta keep going

[00:06:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** guys.

[00:06:12] **Aaron Francis:** Or are not online.

[00:06:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like that is true. By the way, Florida, Kanye is
represented certain listening and like, I don't mean to make any assumptions
about their business, but like imagine how many big ideas they probably have
about cool things they wanna do with software or the internet. And the limiting
factor today is access to technology.

[00:06:29] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. Access to developers recruiting the right
people. Yeah. It's exciting. Skill issue.

[00:06:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Alright, before we keep getting too
serious, let's remember the first part of this show, which is we're gonna try
this alcohol. And you may not be aware and for anyone who's joining just on this
episode, we have a highly technical rating system.

[00:06:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is from zero to eight tentacles, zero being .
Terrible. Throw it out. Spit it out. Four being like middle of the road, you
would have, again, you wouldn't really seek it out. An eight is clear, the
[00:07:00] shelves, because if I see it, I'm gonna buy it in every single one.
Wow. Have you already rated an eight before ever?

[00:07:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Not here. Not here, not today, or whatever
else. Uh, not in the rum arena, actually, I don't think I ever have. Could a

[00:07:12] **Aaron Francis:** rum

[00:07:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** even be at eight? Sure. That my within own
realm.

[00:07:15] **Aaron Francis:** That was my question. I don't think so. You don't
think

[00:07:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** so? Not for

[00:07:18] **Aaron Francis:** me personally.

[00:07:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:07:19] **Aaron Francis:** not

[00:07:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** for me personally. That's true. I don't think I
would.

[00:07:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Clear it and say, I'm never drinking anything
but rum. So that's kind of tough. Yeah. So

[00:07:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** in Argentina, the most popular drink is Fernet
Fett. Conka. Conka. That's right. Oh, I know. I've had a that.

[00:07:32] **Aaron Francis:** Well, tell me 'cause I've never heard of this. No,
what is it? So

[00:07:35] **Guillermo Rauch:** Fett is a liquor from Italy. Mm-hmm. Argentina
had a lot of Italian immigration, a lot of influence in the culture, the
language.

[00:07:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** My great-grandfather is from Italy. And so it
somehow became a thing, even though it's like a pretty niche alcohol. It is.

[00:07:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's an Amaro. Okay. And it's a dark Amaro.
Yeah. So it's very herbal. Yeah. And then mixing it with Coke. Sounds insane.
The combination with Coke, not diet Coke. No, [00:08:00] that's actually
terrible.

[00:08:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it has to be the right Coke too. Like our
American coke won't work. It just doesn't taste right. It's not as

[00:08:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** good. I'll

[00:08:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** say,

[00:08:06] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mexican Coke is probably better. Yeah, it
definitely. But I'll tell you, the combination of those two things elevates
Fernet. It takes it actually from a one, possibly, yeah.

[00:08:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** For me at least. Oh, okay. To an eight. Yeah.
Whoa. Yeah. It's

[00:08:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** in a choir. That's a big swing. Yeah. I would
say this. Aaron A we should try it tonight. I've had it, I used to go to
Argentina Bunch. Nice. I worked for National Geographic. I have friends in
Cordoba. Oh, wow. Which, so like Cordoba likes to say that they invented the
drink

[00:08:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** and so everybody, there's a huge dispute.

[00:08:33] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. There's probably a Wikipedia, you know,
when this Wikipedia articles on like disputes Uhhuh. Yeah. The X versus Y, the
tobacco. Of course. That's like, who invented this? Yeah. And, and there's a
bunch in Argentina with Uruguay. Uruguay claims to have invented. Y Mate. I love
Uruguay, but I mean, that's insane.

[00:08:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** There's no fucking way. they claim to have
invented Tango to that Carlos Cardell or Tango guy. Yeah. Like Mar of Tango was
born there. Ah. There's a lot of myths out there, by the way.

[00:08:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. But if you wanna [00:09:00] tan, it's this
podcast. That's nice. Yes. There. That's another podcast. Spin off. Let's just
dig into

[00:09:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** truth.

[00:09:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** But anyway, so what I was gonna say is for Net
Cola can go to an eight because of the cola. Yeah. So you like cola is what
you're saying? Yes. Yes. And we are, this is pure rum. Yeah. Pure rum. So it's
gonna be hard to get into

[00:09:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** an eight. Well, let's try it. Let's find sight.
Here we go. Cheers. Yeah, there you go. I smell it first is just what I do.

[00:09:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. It's a little woody smelling. I'm gonna
prime it. It is Woody. Yeah. I don't know what they age it in. It's usually used
barrels, which is why you have to go up to like 15, 18, 20 years with rums. Wow.
To kind of get some depth to it. It's a little licorice in there. Am I crazy? I
just don't think I'm getting to an eight on rum.

[00:09:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:09:44] **Aaron Francis:** just don't think it's, do I need, but I'm

[00:09:45] **Guillermo Rauch:** actually surprisingly not on the one realm. No.
Okay. No, no, no. Yeah. 'cause do you drink a lot of hard liquor? I'm above half
for sure. I'm above, I'm above four. I'm in the second half. Yeah. I'm, I'm a,
I'm in a four to eight.

[00:09:57] **Aaron Francis:** We're narrowing.

[00:09:58] **Guillermo Rauch:** Okay.

[00:09:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** We're narrowing. Okay. You [00:10:00] probably
put this in my head, Uhhuh, but I have a slight like cola syrup flavor to it. I
think you got little, little cola syrup. I'm gonna rule out eight. Okay. I'm
gonna rule out seven. Mm-hmm. Okay. Fair, fair, fair. Sounds like you're going
first and I'm, I'm here for it.

[00:10:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no, no. This is good. Keep going. This is a
six. Okay. Okay. Okay. So you have some context, Aaron. 'cause you had the last
one and you know how you felt about it. Mm-hmm. So I think I'm

[00:10:28] **Aaron Francis:** gonna be so bold as to agree. I think this is a
six.

[00:10:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. This was good. I gave the last
one a six and a half.

[00:10:35] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh, you're going into the decimals?

[00:10:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You can do it. We don't care. I didn't
know that was the last It's a allowed Sure. If you want to, yeah, if you wanna
do floating point, you do floating point. Yeah. You can get all weird with it.
It doesn't matter. Six and a quarter stars totally fine. Uh, I feel like I like
this one better. It's got a little heat to it, but less actual like burn going
down.

[00:10:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** There's, it's just a smoother, it's a nice
sipper.

[00:10:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** Respect.

[00:10:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So I kind of feel like it was better that,
I'm gonna say 6, 7, [00:11:00] 5 for me. 6.75. That's high. Florida, Kenya, I
won't say it right. Look at Florida. Kenya, they've, they cooked. They have
aged. I enjoying this. This is going well for them. Yeah, it is. Yeah.

[00:11:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is gonna be a massive marketing
opportunity. Florida Kenya Run. They're Florida. Kenya. Hundreds or just
thousands of developers? Yes. Family Legacy.

[00:11:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** By the way, the mount behind it almost looks
like Mount Fuji, which makes no sense. No, not at all. Vesuvius, maybe that

[00:11:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** looks like Vesuvius

[00:11:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** Somewhat.

[00:11:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Carbon neutral certified.

[00:11:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So they're doing the right thing. I guess
they're doing the right things for the environment. Sure. Yeah.

[00:11:33] **Aaron Francis:** This is a, this is one big ad for Florida Canyon.
Yeah.

[00:11:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I want to talk about this whole, you get a
special Zeit Zeit badge again, kind of That's good content situation.

[00:11:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Y'all should absolutely do that. I'm

[00:11:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** extremely grateful to the people that have been
with us since the early days. Yeah. Because I mean, this is not to pat myself in
the back because it came at a an incredible personal expense, but startups are
almost impossible. Yeah. Startups in the infrastructure space, [00:12:00] even
more so.

[00:12:01] **Guillermo Rauch:** Impossible squared. 'cause you are solving
basically a conundrum, which is infrastructure is a thing that is mission
critical, has to be rock solid. It has to be trustworthy, it has to be secure,
it has to be reliable. You have to be able to bet your life and the life of your
children on this thing. Yeah, seriously.

[00:12:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** As the world as we were talking about, like
becomes more digital first. You know, during Covid, I always tell this story to
our, during colleagues that. Almost every single vaccine appointment emergency
thing that had to be created was shipped on Versal. There was no time. Yeah. And
the whole, that's interesting.

[00:12:35] **Guillermo Rauch:** Healthcare industry had to become online
overnight, not unlike e-commerce. People talk about this in, in the, in terms of
e-commerce and how it, like, it grew like three years worth of growth in like a
year, et cetera. Right. But also happen in healthcare. So to create a platform
that can, earn the trust of so many people and that you can literally bank on.

[00:12:53] **Guillermo Rauch:** We also host a ton of financial services
companies and crypto companies. So that could [00:13:00] not have happened
without the brave, early adopters. Truly that bet on the promise of, okay, let's
make this thing a hundred times easier than it used to be, but it's not gonna be
perfect overnight. And so every time someone tells me , I was with you in the ze
days, I think Thank you, because you had a huge part in building this.

[00:13:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm.

[00:13:21] **Guillermo Rauch:** , and so that, that really deserves a special
batch. We're gonna make it happen. I think That'ss a fun,

[00:13:26] **Aaron Francis:** it's a fun idea. And that would do very well.
Yeah.

[00:13:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** On Twitter. That would be great. I think that
makes a lot of sense. Sense too, in, in,

[00:13:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** the industry has had a lot of pressure to make
people more of a generalist, and so you have less access to specialists who can
Yeah.

[00:13:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Create, CI pipelines Yeah. With Kubernetes and
do all these crazy things in order to have observability and yada, yada yada.
Yeah. Like a way for someone who's a JavaScript developer to get their projects
online and then have that positive experience and bring it back to their
employers and be like, look, we can, we can actually just do [00:14:00] stuff.

[00:14:00] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And opening it up to as many people as
possible. So in the early days, we used Kubernetes, which you just mentioned

[00:14:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** , as the actual control plane. And we discovered
very quickly with our exponential growth that. A cluster can only get so big.
Huh. And we started running into operational limits that Kubernetes themselves
had never seen because no one had opened up an entire service with the wild west
of the internet where everybody could deploy.

[00:14:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. You know, the smallest unit of deployment
was the cluster. So you might create a cluster just for yourself, your company,
your friends, your, you know, labs at your company, research teams, et cetera.
But no one created like the global cluster of the whole internet. Yeah. That
everyone can sign up to and start deploying with one command, which by reducing
the friction, you massively increase the number of deployments that get created.

[00:14:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah, sure. And then we had the idea of, well,
what if every get commit got automatically deployed? What if we made it worse?

[00:14:54] **Aaron Francis:** What if we went, what if we pushed it even
further? Yeah.

[00:14:57] **Guillermo Rauch:** So everything about like running everything hot.
[00:15:00] I mean, that's what startups are like. You run yourself freely hot,
you run everything hot and Yeah.

[00:15:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** The computers especially, yeah.

[00:15:07] **Aaron Francis:** How long was the brutal personal phase? Like how
many years was it just like waking up and eating

[00:15:14] **Guillermo Rauch:** glass? Every, every day is chewing glass. , but
not the kind where the systems are melting. you know, every company at every
scale, even AWS still has days where like, I don't know, this region had a
meltdown or this thing happened.

[00:15:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** So those are exceedingly rare these days.
Mm-hmm. Which is amazing. 'cause like I always tell the team, the worst thing
that could happen is, uh, something security related. The next worst thing that
could happen is something durability related. Mm-hmm. Like data loss. Mm-hmm.
And the next worst thing that could happen is something availability related,
which is like uptime.

[00:15:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. Yeah. So those things are exceedingly
rare. But we don't wanna downplay it as like the, the chewing glass happens
because you're setting up for like bigger and bigger and bigger challenges every
single time. Bigger customers. [00:16:00] We just onboarded recently, I learned
from our engineers.

[00:16:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** our top three most trafficked properties on
versa, Brazil, are all new, meaning like out, like they came out of nowhere and
they quickly rose to the very, very top of the platform. And one of them, I, I
am not gonna name them, but they're like a super hot AI company and every single
time there's like an exponential increase in like usage or traffic or launches
and releases and all these things.

[00:16:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** So there's always like an element of like fun
and also like pressure that comes with it, with this job. you know, at this
point, like when you're an entrepreneur that's been in this arena enough, you're
signing up for this Yeah. Early days, you're more like surprised about like, ah,
my friend Nat has this really funny tweet about like.

[00:16:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** We didn't do this because it was easy. We did it
because we thought it was gonna be easy, man. Yeah. So, so you're you, the first
few years are like that. You're like, ah. So there's that other aspect of this.
Mm-hmm. Oh, and oh, and [00:17:00] this gets harder because of that. And, but
now, like, I feel like there's no more surprises.

[00:17:04] **Guillermo Rauch:** That's good. In a way. So now it's just

[00:17:06] **Aaron Francis:** operational. Yes.

[00:17:08] **Guillermo Rauch:** You know, things

[00:17:09] **Aaron Francis:** are gonna be hard, but you can pull them off.

[00:17:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** That's right. No more

[00:17:11] **Aaron Francis:** like

[00:17:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** That's right. What the hell are we even gonna
make it days? That's right. That's right. And the other pressure that comes with
startups that are at our scale is

[00:17:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** every successful startup in many ways is a
one-trick pony.

[00:17:23] **Guillermo Rauch:** That's great. Like, you wanna be focused. You
wanna be like one thing. the problem with that is that as you get bigger, the
world wants more out of you, which is actually really fun. So the classic thing
that happened with Vercel is people see that we make something in the cloud
really easy.

[00:17:40] **Guillermo Rauch:** And then they're like, well, but can you make
that other thing really easy? And that other thing really easy and that other
thing really easy. can you make my data pipelines easy? Like, a lot of people
kind of love the approach that we take on things. It's like, well, I have this
other hard problem at work.

[00:17:52] **Guillermo Rauch:** Can you also make it easy? And so the challenge
becomes, okay, how, , thinly are you gonna spread yourself across all the
possible [00:18:00] universal things that you could tackle? if you're not
ambitious enough, you're kinda gonna fall behind. The world wanted you to do
more. Hey, Vercel like, I thought you were gonna ship like a hundred different
products this year.

[00:18:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** If you do too many, you're like, Hey, Versal,
like, are you just shipping slop? What's going on here? So yeah, you're just
trying to cover too

[00:18:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** many

[00:18:17] **Guillermo Rauch:** edges at that point. Yes. And that is an,
interesting force to deal with in its own writing. I think, my guess is that
every entrepreneur struggles with this one on some level of, if I do too many
things.

[00:18:30] **Guillermo Rauch:** I'm, uh, jack of old trace, master of none.
Yeah. If I only do one thing, you know, my growth, whatever will slow down, I'll
disappoint my customers, whatever. So that's, , that's a fun one.

[00:18:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And you're

[00:18:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** accepting a

[00:18:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** certain

[00:18:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** level of

[00:18:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** responsibility to your customers. You start to
like absorb more and more of those areas and you know, I'm now just trusting
Versel.

[00:18:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. With handling my traffic, handling, you
know, attacks and, you know, DDoS attacks. That's a great example. And then
another one would be like around, , security, right? Yeah. [00:19:00]
Cybersecurity stuff in general, not just DDoS specific. Yeah.

[00:19:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** So at what point, like, do you intend to sort of
accept that responsibility for like, knowledge and ownership into my project?

[00:19:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know, how much should I continually trust
Versal to do the right thing for me, or should I get

[00:19:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** informed and cover those edges? That's this such
a great one because we live in a massive ecosystem, right? Like.

[00:19:25] **Guillermo Rauch:** , the thread model is nearly infinite. Think
about what happened recently. there was a very popular project in the JavaScript
tooling ecosystem that got honed and someone deployed a, uh, crypto miner.

[00:19:40] **Guillermo Rauch:** luckily it got discovered and sorted out very
quickly. But NPM itself is a threat vector, right? Mm-hmm. we go above and
beyond in protecting our own contributions to the NPM ecosystem. But the reality
is my customers are using a lot of the things in the NPM ecosystem. Yeah. And I
truly feel like I'm responsible over that because we are all [00:20:00] here
responsible for the ecosystem that we exist in.

[00:20:02] **Guillermo Rauch:** And so if I, if I go and tell a client in, in a
bank, Hey, this types strip thing is amazing, NextGen is amazing. Go all in.
Deploy the future of your digital interactions with your millions of customers
whose trust you've earned for a hundred years. Right onto this ecosystem. And
they were like, oh shoot. , I was using left padd and left Padd deployed a post
installed script and the post installed script like extracted all of our keys
and yeah.

[00:20:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** And we're not a business anymore. So I feel like
when you are in this world of developer tools and infrastructure, you have to
assume the responsibility. Cyber attacks on the traffic side, meaning like
volumetric attacks, DDOS attacks, et cetera. Yeah. We've been fighting those for
the 10 years that this company has existed.

[00:20:51] **Guillermo Rauch:** What's more recent than new is that we started
to productize the visibility. Like literally today I got a tweet of someone
saying like, oh my God, thank you [00:21:00] VL for your firewall, because it
prevented this 3000 threats and it blocked this 40 sources of traffic. And I
remember telling the team, we have an internal principle at Versa, which is
seeing is believing.

[00:21:12] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm. We've been blocking those cyber threats. For
years. Yeah. But if you don't see it, you don't believe it. Exactly. So for
those that are in the audience, thinking about building products that have an in
quote unquote an invisible component. 'cause I always think it's funny that
infrastructure is invisible.

[00:21:29] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. So it's very hard for us to size up the
investment of quote unquote raw materials that go in human resources that go
into it. Where here in Miami, I was like admiring all these beautiful buildings,
the skyline, whatever. And like you can more or less say like, Hmm, that must
have taken like thousands of workers and hundreds of millions of dollars, if not
billions of dollars in investment.

[00:21:48] **Guillermo Rauch:** Right. Infrastructure is invisible. In fact, we
recently did the math of like how big our racks are inside of AWS. It's actually
pretty bewildering now to think about how much physical [00:22:00] space at
Amazon has automatically allocated for us with robots and people. Oh my gosh.
But we never had to think about it.

[00:22:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** And we never visualized it. Yeah. And so when
you think about cyber attacks and protecting against cyber threats, the lesson
for us was like, data and knowledge is power. We have to make it super
transparent to the end user, what's going on. Yeah. And what's going on is
actually pretty sick. people will, like indie makers or solo entrepreneurs will
build something.

[00:22:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** And versal, you know, welcomes them with open
arms because we love the idea of like getting, feeling the pressure of the
people that need to ship a hundred times a day and want to extract every
possible ounce of power outta the platform. But then those people that are
building like, their dream project get attacked by freaking like botnets that
most recent that I thought heard about that we researched was a uh, set of DVR
cameras all throughout the United States that are super high bandwidth uhoh.

[00:22:59] **Guillermo Rauch:** [00:23:00] So they're constantly uploading
really high quality video in real time. Yeah. Yeah. And so you can get so much
internet throughput out of those that when we were mitigating this attack, we
were like, who the hell?

[00:23:12] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like hard does this power Yes. To attack. Like
sometimes it's literally like a tiny website sometimes.

[00:23:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's like an extremely strategic target. Yeah.
But everybody, basically what we've learned is that everybody needs and deserves
the same level of protection.

[00:23:29] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[00:23:30] **Guillermo Rauch:** but the sort of like giving you access to the
transparency of the data and the, and the twisting of the knobs, that's more
recent in the versal sort of journey.

[00:23:38] **Aaron Francis:** Huh. So you talked a little bit about building
product and some of the advice you have for people building product. I wanna go
back to what you were saying earlier about you do one thing well and your
customers are like, Hey, do this other thing. Do databases. Yeah. Do waf do all
of this other stuff.

[00:23:53] **Aaron Francis:** Do you personally, or does Versal as a company
have a framework for deciding like.

[00:23:58] **Aaron Francis:** Hey, our customers are constantly [00:24:00]
asking us this. We definitely wanna do it, or we definitely don't want to do it.
Like, how do you determine Yep. How you don't stay a one trick pony and get
passed up, and how you don't spread yourself too thin. Yep.

[00:24:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** I love frameworks clearly next to this, et
cetera, when you grow a certain size of a company and business, you start
working on the framework for the company, not just the framework for the
developers.

[00:24:22] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And so the, the, my job today is mostly, I
still think a whole lot about next JS and V zero and things like that, but I
think even more about the framework to create a company that can absorb all that
input and produce high quality output. It's like the render function of the
products and experiences that we put out into the world.

[00:24:46] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. So what are the inputs? The state are the
things that a customer request Yeah. Innovations that we think up. And then what
it gets sort of filtered down and passes these props is the most important
function you could [00:25:00] possibly write. too rigorous of a function will
make it such that you're too much of a machine.

[00:25:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** You're not flexible, you don't take risks,
right? But you do have to have certain filters. So one filter is things that we
have used ourselves internally to create success, have a way higher likelihood
of being productized and seeing the world. Okay. So a good example would be if
I, create a really amazing thing with V zero.

[00:25:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. I'm way more likely to green light the
project because I'm like, Hey, like if I see myself using this, at the time we
actually created it into a meme, which was called No Random Acts of ai. We can't
just like be excited about AI and put things into the world that we're not proud
of. So we wanted to create a product that had embedded our taste.

[00:25:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** Opinions that we used it internally that we're
proud of. Yeah. That whenever we demo it to others. Another principle is before
something goes into the world, you have to be able to sit down with a customer
or with a peer and you [00:26:00] demo it. So Apple actually borrowed this from
Apple because they're internal mantra and created the iPhone was like, we're
gonna demo every week.

[00:26:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** Demos over memos. And that's how we evolved the
product. Demo, demo, demo. Input, input, input, demo, demo, demo. And so
constantly being demoing and watching other customers, you know, you can call
them design partners as like the trendy term in, in the valley these days,
people using the product and you watch them.

[00:26:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. 'cause sometimes we tell ourselves a lot
of lies, right? In our heads of like, yeah, the product is really good, the
signup really works, the final is perfect. And then you watch someone do it and
it's like that meme of the guy trying to drink water by licking the bottom of
the glass. And so that's another one of the sort of like internal processes you
can call them or principles that we follow.

[00:26:49] **Guillermo Rauch:** The other one is, I borrowed this one from
Satya, from Microsoft. He calls it brand permission. Okay. I am not joking when
I say that people ask me to sometimes build skateboards with [00:27:00] Versal
logo or laptops or like, I've heard product requests in wireless categories like
build me a forklift, a versal forklift.

[00:27:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** You know what I mean? Uh, and so I always think
about like, alright, like I'm gonna announce it to the world. You know? Twilio
also would do this, like the PR write, the press release today. Versel announces
the Versal forklift to speed up construction worldwide. Like, I don't think you
would have the brand permission.

[00:27:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** Your customer base would be like, what? Yep.
I've been asking you for like cues. Mm-hmm. And you share, you're doing
forklifts. Forklifts. Wait, wait. Tell me.

[00:27:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Cues are coming.

[00:27:36] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yes. Well, I can't commit nor deny, but confirm

[00:27:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** nor deny. But this could solve a problem for me
in the near future. All we can can confirm is they're coming before forklift.

[00:27:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** So that's all we can say For sure. That already
makes me me feel better. That's

[00:27:48] **Guillermo Rauch:** a good framework for think about it. And so
people call this adjacencies, so it has to be something that is with your
constellation of reach and knowledge and [00:28:00] proficiency. Yeah. Satya had
a great metaphor here of, they've been working on productivity tools, word,
things like that.

[00:28:08] **Guillermo Rauch:** Things like DocuSign Yeah. Would've been a
perfect adjacency for them. And perhaps sometimes they wandered off into doing
weird things. Yep, yep. And then customers have had that reaction. So I really
like learning also from like the other, like entrepreneurs and builders have
been building the generational companies that, you learn ultimately from a lot
of mistakes.

[00:28:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. Uh, Jeff Business also talks about, you
know, if you are not tolerant to failure, to some extent. You'll become so rigid
that you realize that ultimately one success pays for a thousand failed
experiments. the loss of what people call like venture capital, which is like
one startup returns the fund, is also true for your own investments.

[00:28:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** One good product returns from for a thousand
failed experimental products. I think that's fair. One feature, I've seen this a
lot in our products, one feature or one integration, so like the GitHub
integration with [00:29:00] Versal.

[00:29:00] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[00:29:00] **Guillermo Rauch:** Paid for all every other integration. I've
written so many bad integrations, I've misprioritized and whatever, but that one
paid for everything.

[00:29:08] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. Because everybody now goes to GitHub. They
want to deploy, they install the first integration, they never think about it
again.

[00:29:13] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[00:29:14] **Guillermo Rauch:** and that's another area where like I, in the
early days I kind of underestimated the power of integrations. And this is true
for everything you do in the world.

[00:29:21] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like try to integrate with others, try to
partner. you're not doing anything solo in this world. You're always partnering
with a community with the ecosystem. , and that's why also I think React has
been so successful. I don't wanna make

[00:29:32] **Aaron Francis:** you dig up traumas, but what are some other, like
experiments that you tried and realized, whoops, that ain't it.

[00:29:38] **Aaron Francis:** And then are there any that like eventually came
back to, to pay off

[00:29:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** deploying Haskill and COBOL is a funny one. Is
that real? Yeah, yeah, for sure. in the early days, I think the common trap for
entrepreneurs is more, is more mentality. Mm-hmm. But the way that you justify
it is not because you didn't listen to enough Steve Jobs videos.

[00:29:57] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. It's because the world pushes you to be
[00:30:00] ambitious. The, you look at, uh, public companies, you look at your
aspirations, you look at your idols, and they have massive market caps. They
support every language. They support all of it. And you might get tempted to be
like, okay, I'm gonna win if I say yes to everything.

[00:30:14] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. Ah, right. And the version for that for
us was that you're gonna be able to deploy everything. Got. And I would
literally spend time sometimes creating examples. For those languages. I'm not
kidding. Like we had a bunch of Haskell examples, cobol, and part of it was to
show the flexibility of the platform, but in some cases you're like, man, like
you can just read the room.

[00:30:35] **Guillermo Rauch:** No one has that need, just work a little closer
to the customer. I think part of my job is to think ahead, of course to look
around the corner, like what's the next thing? Try to live in the future so that
it can bridge that gap and be the one that takes an L for the team sometimes.

[00:30:53] **Guillermo Rauch:** , and you know, Silicon Valley is like that. A
friend of mine was saying yesterday, like Silicon Valley's like a big [00:31:00]
lab and everybody kind of lives in the future. We have way more self-driving
cars. But I was telling you this funny anecdote of when I arrived in Silicon
Valley, I was an early user of a lot of the things that today are some of the
most successful technologies.

[00:31:15] **Guillermo Rauch:** I was an early user of Uber. It was called Uber
Cab, and it was only black limos. Yep. I was an early user of Airbnb. I lived in
one of the first listed Airbnb units Oh, wow. In San Francisco where the
co-founders had stayed to eat their own dog food. No way. So told about using
your own product and I was an early customer and like super fan of a service
called Waso, which would, as the name implies, wash and fold my clothes.

[00:31:43] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh yeah. I love that. At an unreasonably low
price. Oh. With a huge amount of like low latency. Like it would take no time
and it would perfectly iron my clothes and like leave them. Sometimes it would
even take them up to my apartment and I would just like have to like take them
from my door to like my closet.

[00:31:59] **Guillermo Rauch:** [00:32:00] Like my life had been perfectly
automated, but unfortunately that category didn't work out. So this is the
concept, right? Like you try to live in the future.

[00:32:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. Yeah. You try to live in the future
where every luxury and every thing that you would want to automate that sounds
like you're watching the Jetsons. Mm-hmm. Is possible. Yeah. And then you work
into, okay, how can I bring this reality to everybody in a sustainable fashion?
And so that's kind of the attitude that you have to take.

[00:32:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** But if you position yourself way too out into
the future, if you try to like swing way too hard, you might miss. And so that's
kind of like the meta lesson in that kinda like you have to balance, I call it
today. You have to balance ambition with realism. Yeah. And I would urge
sometimes on like, don't underestimate how big a small perfected thing can get
so that then that becomes your launchpad into the next small perfected thing and
the next small, perfect.

[00:32:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** And a good example, I think today, and I owe a
huge amount of, uh, kudos here too. [00:33:00] Lars Grandma and Jerry Palmer in
our team, A-I-S-D-K started out as this really small wrapper and multi our CTO
for web streams are really freaking hard and all of the LLMs Stream tokens. And
we started out with like, you know, let's create a little toolkit to like
literally wrap these LLMs and now it's becoming an instrumental foundational
piece of the AI ecosystem.

[00:33:25] **Guillermo Rauch:** You know, it might get us big or if not bigger
than next JS itself. And it started as a small thing that we were gonna perfect.
But we did have all these questions of like, alright, that's an adjacency. Do we
have brand permission? Can it get big enough? Are we gonna distract? Is it worth
investing? So like, just because you're making progress and you get bigger and
you have resources and you have cracked colleagues, et cetera, it doesn't mean
it gets easier because you have all this like.

[00:33:50] **Guillermo Rauch:** Fundamental philosophical questions. Mm-hmm.

[00:33:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can always push it further and push it
further Yes. And push it further. And is that gonna go over the edge? And then
there it was. Yes. Yeah.

[00:33:59] **CTA:** [00:34:00] This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all
your merch needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters,
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:34:32] **Aaron Francis:** If you had to give, this past, let's say five
years of Burell an era, what would you name that era and what do you think the
next era for Versel is going to

[00:34:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** be?

[00:34:43] **Guillermo Rauch:** That's a great one. I think the web has gone
through a couple eras in rapid succession. I call them like a static dynamic
generative. Okay. A static was, and by the way, this is a weird one to think
about because the web started out with like full [00:35:00] dynamism, CGI bin,
put a pearl script in a folder plug the human directly into the machine, almost
tell net SSH pipes bash Unix.

[00:35:09] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Mm-hmm.

[00:35:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** But to scale the internet, we made it static.
the web was starting to go into a couple directions, like static site
generators, Gatsby gems, et cetera. Right? And, cash control CDNs and then
client side JavaScript. We proved to the market that you could have the luxury,
this is kinda like the Waso example or like the Uber example.

[00:35:30] **Guillermo Rauch:** I wanted really badly to democratize the
technologies that the Googlers and the Facebookers had access to as a kid in
Argentina. This is a wonder of the web. I had been able to reverse engineer how
Google search worked, how meta worked, how Amazon worked. And I found this
common pattern of like, these are highly dynamic, personalized systems that use
a lot of service site rendering and are highly scalable.

[00:35:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** Of course, they have billions of users. So the
last chapter of Versal was, can [00:36:00] we give every single developer on the
planet that luxurious developer experience that before you had to get a job at
Fang to get, hmm. And so it was a transition of a web that went from static to
dynamic or hybrid. The future of the web is not that.

[00:36:14] **Guillermo Rauch:** You're gonna get data from a database and you're
gonna ute it into some kind of markup. Of course, it's gonna continue to happen,
and there's a lot of value in, in doing that, But now we're starting to
democratize the other aspects that made Google special. I even call this the
unbundling of Google.

[00:36:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** Google got really big and popular by basically
reading your mind. Hmm. You know, you started typing in an auto completer. This
is another thing that got me extremely freaking like JavaScript built. Yeah.
When Google launched, Google suggest you would start typing and then they tell
you the future. What the hell is that?

[00:36:45] **Guillermo Rauch:** in fact, , I wrote this article that I
referenced today in the panel, the seven Principles of Rich Web Applications,
and my last principle that was starting to be future forward. I wrote this in
2014, thinking about the next 10 years of Versel. Right. , and to your point,
this is kind of the chapter that we're [00:37:00] now completing.

[00:37:00] **Guillermo Rauch:** The last principle was called Negative Latency.
So the only way that you can get negative lat is either by creating a time
machine. We might get there someday, you know, reversing entropy and faster than
light communication and wormholes and whatever. Like,

[00:37:14] **Aaron Francis:** maybe let's do forklifts first. That sounds

[00:37:17] **Guillermo Rauch:** hard.

[00:37:17] **Guillermo Rauch:** I don't know if we have yet brand permission for
like Einstein Rosen wormholes. Yeah. But, uh, the other technique is machine
learning. And, and so the, the unbundling and democratization of Google is that
all of these technologies that they invented, like transformers and uh,
generative models and all of these things are now APIs that anybody can call.

[00:37:40] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like truly everybody can cook. And so the web
will become generative in a, in a number of ways. One is, when people want to
build for the web, they're gonna be able to generate all of that code. on some
level. And it's the luxury of sometimes being able to abstract yourself away a
little bit and, and think about like 10 years in the future.

[00:37:59] **Guillermo Rauch:** It is kinda [00:38:00] crazy that we all got
accustomed to memorizing shit, looking it up on Stack Overflow and then typing
it manually. I I, ah, the good old days exactly like, you know, we we're doing a
lot of that still, but it's kind of wild that we thought that the way of the
future was like typing fast.

[00:38:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. when I was a kid in Argentina, there was
this, software that my dad got. Everything in Argentina is soccer themed.
Mm-hmm. Spoiler alert. So we're here in Miami, messy, et cetera. Right. The
president of Argentina right now. Are you proud of that guy? Yeah, exactly.
Okay. He, national hero. our president won not only because of his new ideas and
whatever, he used to be a goalkeeper.

[00:38:40] **Guillermo Rauch:** I didn't know way this million. I did not know
that. I didn't know that. In order to sort of achieve cultural dominance in
Argentina, on some level, you need a sports, a sports background rooted in
soccer. Oh, funny. Hi. , I don't think it's as true in the US although there is
a social status that comes from like, were you awesome at [00:39:00] football?

[00:39:00] **Guillermo Rauch:** Sure. Or baseball or whatever.

[00:39:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I could kind of see that because we have no,
like modern era, massive wars. But if you look at some That's right. Past
presidents, they were war heroes. That's right. And I would definitely help
them. So you need to be perceived as some kind of conquer hero Yes. To the

[00:39:15] **Guillermo Rauch:** people.

[00:39:15] **Guillermo Rauch:** And so the software that my dad got me was the
keyword champion. Yep. it was a typing game and you would score by tapping
really fast. Nice. And I crushed that game. I think, I think my dad was smart
there to like, he found something that like had overlapping interest.

[00:39:33] **Guillermo Rauch:** How can I get my kid, , computer literate? Yes.
Without making it boring and whatever. Yes. Genius. Yeah. And uh, he tried it
again with my sons. And it doesn't work. No. It's like dad first they live in
San Francisco. Yeah. They don't know what soccer is. Yeah. You're you're
bringing shame upon your nation by that

[00:39:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** also.

[00:39:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** But they don't know what soccer is. That's true.
'cause you, you don't have an MLS team, right? Yeah, they, well, we have a San
Jose. [00:40:00] Oh yeah. Earthquake. Earthquake. Yeah. Which is an original
MLSI. But they've gone away and come back a couple of different times. If we
were

[00:40:06] **Guillermo Rauch:** in Miami, I think they would be into it.

[00:40:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh yeah. I mean, who wouldn't? I, I blame all
myself. I blame our surroundings. Mm-hmm. They're, they're more into, well, I
mean, they're into a lot of like, tech stuff too, but, other sports of course.
So anyways, typing really fast, having good memory. Yeah. Good Recall pattern
matching were the fundamental skills of how do you get really cracked at.

[00:40:29] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. I mean, not, not the only skills, but a
contributing skill. I think it's useful. Yeah. And so now we're generating a lot
of that and it's, I think I always. Call out a people, and I remind myself
daily, you know, you have to not become too attached to your ego in the age of
ai, of the skills, the individual lanes that you develop proficiency in, because
if you get too attached to that, it's just we are one model generation away from
being like absolutely crushed.

[00:40:59] **Guillermo Rauch:** Right? [00:41:00] Yeah. So the, the future of
the web is more people contributing to it, more generation, and also the, the
other like science fiction, but I think we're gonna make it real, is that the
web itself becomes fully generated that the next time you return to a website,
there is a new version that within certain guardrails.

[00:41:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** 'cause we have to be careful about it, you know,
like Skynet 2.0 and whatnot. Yeah. Within certain cart rails, the web should
become fully generative.

[00:41:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean the, the con actually, I worked for
a company called Acquia years ago and worked on a, a digital product that used
like marketing segmentation to have dynamic content that was individualized.

[00:41:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** So that concept has been around for a little
while and so why wouldn't that just continue to evolve Totally. And probably get
a lot faster and smarter with things like ai.

[00:41:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And you know, you could imagine a world
where V zero when you ask it for, well create me the landing page for this. It's
not just creating like the onetime iteration of that.

[00:41:57] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. But it's embedding in the code, the
[00:42:00] runtime V zero component that behind the scenes knows all of these
technologies that US nerds know about. And like ISR and impartial and all this
junk Yeah. That people won't have to know about will leverage those foundations.
But then with the, you know, marketer, business person, idea person will get to
do what I think they've expected the web to always be able to do.

[00:42:21] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm. Yeah. Which is, oh, can we launch a hundred
permutations of that or can you just get better based on my feedback Yeah. Or my
customer's feedback in a more direct way. So yeah, I, I think the TLDR is that
the web gets easier and more accessible to more people and ultimately will
realize, I think it's, it's ultimate potential.

[00:42:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** I think, , maybe to getting even more
philosophical here, like a lot of people, and this is not the world that I would
want my children to grow up in, you know, political issues about blocking TikTok
aside, we've become a consumer society. Yeah. we consume more than we create And
And I think it's our [00:43:00] responsibility as creators, dev tools makers,
infrastructure platform makers to turn that around.

[00:43:04] **Guillermo Rauch:** Let's turn our kids and their grandkids into
builders. Maybe not all of them. Like I, you know, like I don't fully subscribe
to the marketing. Like there's gonna be 5 billion developers. probably not, but
there should probably be 10, 15 20x more than we have today.

[00:43:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I could definitely see that being
the case.

[00:43:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** We're gonna continually evolve and as long as
we're giving the ability for our next generations to actually learn the
foundational information to like, you know, champion the fast typing, which
that's not what you really need anymore, because now you're doing it in a
different way, you know, a speech to text way, but you understand what you're
saying and how it'll translate that.

[00:43:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that's an excellent future.

[00:43:48] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. I had an amazing trip to Japan recently,
speaking of Japanese whiskeys

[00:43:53] **Guillermo Rauch:** I went to Okinawa and I went to the A Did you
see Miyagi? I did not. Oh, okay. [00:44:00] But I'll follow that. I'll follow
up. I actually have not been to any martial arts or sumo. I haven't wanted to
go, but not yet.

[00:44:05] **Guillermo Rauch:** Okay. But anyways, the, I, I went to the Abacus
School.

[00:44:09] **Guillermo Rauch:** The Abacus is the first computer that humanity
has created. Mm-hmm. To basically automate in a primitive way, but in an
effective way, arithmetic, right? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You can do math that is much
more ambitious than what you could do in your head. Yep.

[00:44:24] **Guillermo Rauch:** And we watched these kids that were literally
man, like just freaking alien. Mm-hmm. A 4-year-old doing like, uh, addition and
multiplication with like nine digits. Wow. Like he watches a, a screen flash and
he does abacus in his head. Oh. So it was hilarious because they had the abacus
in the table. Yeah.

[00:44:43] **Guillermo Rauch:** But they didn't use it. No. This is like, like
out of an anime, you know, like. They play basketball or whatever, and like they
do like, alien things to it. Uhhuh, this is it. Because the abacus is sitting
there and in their heads they're doing like mental virtual abacus. Yeah. And the
lesson [00:45:00] there, and the reason we were there was, look, that is an
important skill.

[00:45:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like why wouldn't you want to go through the
endure the pain mm-hmm. That these kids have gone through. I'm, I'm, I'm a huge
fan of that. Yeah. But at the same time, you have to have the realization that
that's not gonna get you all the way. Mm-hmm. We have calculators. Mm-hmm. We
have ai. Yeah. Mm-hmm. We have not just bicycles in the mind right now, we have
freaking rockets mm-hmm.

[00:45:25] **Guillermo Rauch:** Of them. We have reusable rockets of the mind.
And so, funny enough, Okinawa is the, , least privileged perfection in Japan. So
we had an opportunity to sort of bring ideas from Silicon Valley and inspire
them with like, complimentary skills. Yeah. You don't just wanna become that one
thing. Right. Uh, but it was just.

[00:45:44] **Guillermo Rauch:** Amazing. And, uh, it inspired us for, , what the
future of computing will look like and, uh, and how it'll transform humanity

[00:45:51] **Aaron Francis:** at this point , in Elle's history. What are you,
like, what is driving you? Because like from the outside you've made it
[00:46:00] right? I know you don't, I'm, I'm sure you don't feel that way, but
from the outside it looks like, alright, he's made, he is got a big company,
like they're crushing it.

[00:46:07] **Aaron Francis:** you've talked a lot about democratization of the
web, which is pure noble and Right, and that may be the, the answer is it that,
is it you get a high off of the framework building the framework that is the
company, you know, you're big framework guy. Is it seeing Versel IPO or is it

[00:46:25] **Guillermo Rauch:** something completely different?

[00:46:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** So one of the amazing things about building a
company like this is that there's never adu Day, as I said. Mm-hmm. There's
never a day that's not hard.

[00:46:33] **Guillermo Rauch:** There's never a day that you're like, oh, I made
it. I'm, I'm so relaxed. So in case people in the audience were worried about
that, like what's awesome is you get more reach, impact, et cetera, and then you
get tougher problems to solve, higher ceilings to break through.

[00:46:48] **Guillermo Rauch:** And, , other kinds of scale problems. As I
mentioned, you go from this, uh, problem of like the framework for the tech to
the framework for the company. And you become more ambitious in the process too,
right? Like new doors [00:47:00] open. it's like a fun video game in which
there's more bosses and, things like that along the game while you're
struggling, like, almost like when you play like Pokemon and Game Boy, there's a
lot of people that help you along the way.

[00:47:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. There's the people that like cheer you
on. I remember playing Pokemon a lot and it's like, there's always a guy in
those RPGs or whatever that you talk to and like, they have nothing to add but
cheer you on. And so there's, there's that, there's your immortal enemy mm-hmm.
Of the day, you know, like whatever, Matthew Prince or whoever.

[00:47:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. And like you, you battle him here and
there. Yep. But you're always in a journey in a good. Coan petition market in
capitalism, you, you learn from your rivals and you grow each other and
whatever, and ultimately you hone them if you're ash, ketchu, catch, whatever
his name is. And so there's the competition that, I really like.

[00:47:46] **Guillermo Rauch:** There's the fact that you go around the world
and you make a lot of people happy, and they're like, the stories that you learn
about the company are fascinating at scale. The things that people will tell
you. Like, this is a funny one. Like, we hired [00:48:00] a, a great product
manager at Versal and he told me that his entire career was, was made by, so the
funny thing is my last name is Rouch and there is a little town in Argentina
called Rouch.

[00:48:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh. In which there's only cows.

[00:48:13] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Hmm.

[00:48:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like every time I would pass it in the highway,
it's like, whoa, cool, dad, is that ours? And it's like, no, there's nothing
there. And maybe your grandfather had it one, uh, one day. But this guy had, ,
grown up there. I didn't know this. And he wanted to. get out of the life of
like the rural Argentina, et cetera.

[00:48:32] **Guillermo Rauch:** Struggle. Yeah. And he went to college for
computer science, and his big breakthrough was he started learning nex js and he
started contributing to the examples. And a company in Germany found him because
, they couldn't find actually as developers, and they were like, Hey, let's go
to the committers.

[00:48:49] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. Who's been contributing recently, this guy
had made an open source contribution. This is also like full circle to the power
of open source and like a contribution that you make to a Ariba might change
your life. Mm-hmm. Absolutely. So he went from [00:49:00] route Argentina, which
by the way sounds dope. Wow.

[00:49:02] **Guillermo Rauch:** But it was very poor to being in Germany, , with
a work visa and a new life and whatever. And eventually found his way to Versa,
Brazil. And, you know, hearing this story is just like, just so amazing. And it
was all because all, all these threats connected. Mm-hmm. And so that's another
thing that's like so amazing, all this emergent things that happen.

[00:49:24] **Guillermo Rauch:** , things that people deploy on the platform.
we've done so much with, there was recently massive floodings in Argentina and
all of the disaster relief efforts that happened that we sponsored on the
platform that people could create, projects and apps, like help people actually,
that one is one with V zero.

[00:49:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** Like they had to move so fast mm-hmm. To create
this like, interactive map with real time data of where people could get help
and they had vibe coded it. we keep creating platforms and , you keep seeing all
this emergent phenomenon and it's just interesting and, and fascinating and, uh,
and hard but, but rewarding

[00:49:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** that fuels the fire.

[00:50:00]

[00:50:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it makes me wonder 'cause I don't know where
that town is. What town are you from? It's called Lanu. Okay.

[00:50:06] **Guillermo Rauch:** Which is not short for Lee Anus, not to be
confused. Mm-hmm. Okay.

[00:50:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** , so it's, it's in the outers of Argentina. It's
famous for having been the. Where, uh, Marona was born? Ah, your other national
hero.

[00:50:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yes. I was gonna say peace was the primary one,
I would say. And he was born in an even rougher part of town as I was,

[00:50:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** his didn't even have any paving whatsoever. And
so there is this famous video of him kicking a ball that he had assembled
himself with, like, used, worn, not clothes. Like he didn't even have money for,
, for a soccer bowl.

[00:50:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** so we grew up there and then eventually moved to
the city because, , I got into a high school that basically like, kind of, we're
talking about like open source. It's like, a launching pad for a lot of
Argentinians that if you're willing to study really hard, this school is free.
Oh, cool.

[00:50:56] **Guillermo Rauch:** You have to like win a competition almost to get
in. and then I [00:51:00] actually, I got so distracted by mood tools and open
source to react and all these things, and like I quickly became the worst
student. Mm. but a good open source contributor, we'll, we'll allow it, it
turned out

[00:51:11] **Aaron Francis:** okay. Yeah.

[00:51:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** That became the next launching pad.

[00:51:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. , so kind of like the RA story, like the
open source is a global launching pad. I hope that becomes a legacy of our
companies, of everyone that's here, react, Laravel, everyone's been
participating in this. You sometimes don't know how big of a launch path this
thing is becoming for people in other countries especially.

[00:51:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. , where they don't have a clear path to
universities. They don't have a clear path to jobs. They don't have a clear path
to mastery. Yeah. And uh, and open source is one of the big channels of our
generation. Yeah. It's a learn by doing platform where we lack

[00:51:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** things like apprenticeships and whatever else.

[00:51:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. That's right. Which I think would be
very beneficial, especially in, you know, yeah. Our career paths. But you know,
that is open to anyone and the quality is [00:52:00] there. And if you have a
good community, then you're getting good feedback and mentorship through that as
well. Yes.

[00:52:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** , now I've got another important follow up
question to my previous question, which is, , Boca or River Plate?

[00:52:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** Well, I have to go with Linus. Okay. Because
it's actually they punch above their weight. Yeah. They're so good. I like ing.
So, you know, that

[00:52:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** would've been,

[00:52:19] **Guillermo Rauch:** but RCC has sold these clubs, like that's racing
club. Yeah. And River is River as in river. I don't know why they're like, I one
gets this dug vanish accent and the other doesn't.

[00:52:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's strange.

[00:52:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm sure there's some historical context and
like you said, Argentina has had a ton of immigration into it. Yes. And so there
could be a good mix there.

[00:52:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** So my dad had determined that the household was
Boca fans. Okay. to add some challenges for us in elementary school because
we're like, wait, why are you not with the rest of the town?

[00:52:52] **Guillermo Rauch:** We're Boca we're special. Yeah. , but the

[00:52:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** future you were gonna be in town

[00:52:56] **Guillermo Rauch:** eventually river, they're called the
millionaires. They [00:53:00] have the most fancy everything. Yeah. It's the
racetrack thing or something, right? Yeah.

[00:53:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** And

[00:53:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** the part of town is beautiful, the polo

[00:53:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** matches or something. I actually recently

[00:53:06] **Guillermo Rauch:** looked up why they're called the millions.

[00:53:08] **Guillermo Rauch:** There's something with immigration. They, lucked
out. Oh no. And they lucked out with exploring a few soccer players. Mm. Like
imagine if he had landed the messy pass to Barcelona, but not when he was 14,
but when he was like 21. Oh, right. You would've made generational money for
like 10, you would've owned half of Argentina.

[00:53:27] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. So I went to River Stadium last time I was
in Argentina, and it was just incredible. Like everything was pristine. And the,
the show, I, I actually highly recommend it to anyone that visit Argentina, go
to the rip Play stadium, , and watch a live, like if it's like a very hot match.
Very contested. Even better.

[00:53:47] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. I was gonna say, it's also safer. I've
been to the Bombardi

[00:53:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** and super. Like what do you do? It was daytime
in the police. Yeah. Like rolled up on us and like, what are you doing here?
Yes. you should go. Yes. Three blocks that way. Yes. Yeah. [00:54:00] It's

[00:54:00] **Guillermo Rauch:** gotten so much better. Okay. In river compared
to bomb.

[00:54:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** , but it is funny that to get better the ratio
of citizen to police officer is absurd. That speaks to the potential of the
riots because the ratio was like, what a 20? Yeah. , yeah. So they get
passionate. Passionate is a good thing. Passion is a really good thing. Yes.
Yeah. Um,

[00:54:21] **Aaron Francis:** all right. I've got one last off topic question
for you on topic, but slightly off topic.

[00:54:26] **Aaron Francis:** I know you and Taylor at well are friends. What is
your favorite thing about Laravel?

[00:54:31] **Guillermo Rauch:** Many things. One is, uh, about PHP in general,
which is a huge inspiration for an XJS because there's two brilliant things
about it. One, which I think some people will dispute, and one I think, which
is. Objective. The objective one is that the life cycle of PHP in which a
request comes in and that determines the computation unit mm-hmm.

[00:54:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** Is what eventually AWS rediscovered with Lambda.
Mm-hmm. And the concept [00:55:00] of a function and the invocation trigger
being the request is a very meaningful bit in the huge entropy of distributed
systems. Mm-hmm. The fact that the request can inform load balancing and
placement and scheduling of systems, that it basically tells you something needs
to be done.

[00:55:21] **Guillermo Rauch:** And when this response completes, we can do
cleanup of sorts or we can do de allocation of resources. Yeah. Is the right
mental model to think about computation in the context of web services and PHP
because it was focused on web services. And by the way, this is why focus is so
important. There is PHPC allies, I've seen the artisan stuff, et cetera.

[00:55:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** But the fact that they focused on web services,
actually what's made it so successful, they actually nailed the computational
framework. They were like, okay, if you wanna use PHP, the first thing you need
is Mod, PHP and Apache, as opposed to almost every other programming language,
and run them environment.

[00:55:56] **Guillermo Rauch:** They said, well, what do you wanna do? If you
wanna do this kinda [00:56:00] system, you have to run it as a demon, and here's
200 options with in D mm-hmm. And system D and Kubernetes and whatever. So I
think PHP picked the right battle at the right time, even ahead of their times.
And sort of like the, that request oriented invocation model.

[00:56:16] **Guillermo Rauch:** and the other one that's more controversial,
because I think some people don't believe in it, but I'm obviously drinking the
Kool-Aid hard for 10 years now, is the file system, uh, routing. So like, I love
file

[00:56:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** routing, by the way. I love file

[00:56:30] **Guillermo Rauch:** system. I feel like I'm on the verge of being
vindicated in the form of LLMs.

[00:56:36] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. So LLMs. Are becoming very good at file
systems. Hmm. In fact,

[00:56:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** one way that LLMs have been able to age
genetically, distribute work and explore systems and not saturate context,
windows has been by using files. In fact, all 4 0 3 mini whatever, , came out
yesterday. if you use [00:57:00] Codex, CLI, it's been post trained to examine
file systems and use Ls and g, grab and find and all of these things.

[00:57:10] **Guillermo Rauch:** So file systems are actually a very meaningful
part of the infrastructure of the digital world, is what I would say. Yeah. So
kind of like Waymo, how to get good at figuring out streets and stoplights and
turning signals. It couldn't just like say yolo, we're just gonna do whatever.
This is the short of path through your house.

[00:57:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** Exactly. Exactly. Cannot do that. Yeah. That's
the file system today. And uh, and that's why I'm saying it's vindicated.
Vindicated because when I started an xray as an inspirational with php, but it's
a gift that keeps them giving.

[00:57:38] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[00:57:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** It's a gift that, like you open a project and
you can recent about it, you can find the conventions, you can explore the
routing, system with opening up the folder.

[00:57:48] **Guillermo Rauch:** And so that was a huge inspiration from PHP that
he would throw in a PHP file in a folder and it would immediately become
routable. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean, CJ Abin had also done it of course, but uh, for
me the inspiration was [00:58:00] PHP. Yeah. And now on Laravel specifically, I
feel like it's very similar to Next Js where I think it proves that run times
are too primitive.

[00:58:08] **Guillermo Rauch:** of course they're immensely valuable and
necessary, and we wouldn't be here without node. I love what BUN and Dino are
doing to push node and push the community forward and, and, and in their own
ecosystems. Yeah. But I find like the sweet spot is the framework. Mm-hmm. I
think you reach the highest number of people and you just, give them the most
amount of value.

[00:58:28] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. So, obviously kudos to AVL for finding
that same sort of, balance , or place where they could add value , in the BHB
ecosystem and also the other. I think this is not gonna be surprising to people
because it's so obvious that it's created a very complete story. Mm-hmm. And
we're talking about, you know, how enterprises ask us for more features.

[00:58:52] **Guillermo Rauch:** They expect us to do everything for them over
time. And I think that's great. I think you're gonna find that customers over
time [00:59:00] want complete solutions. Yeah. Especially the more mature they
are. Mm-hmm. I think when you're more in the experimental phase of the
innovation curve of a community, the community wants, oh, give me this piece.

[00:59:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** I wanna experiment with this other piece. If you
think about react, think about how the community was breaking it apart into all
these things. Here's the state manager. Mm-hmm. Here's the CS, CSS and JS
solution. Here's the router. Why It was immature and not because those pieces
are not necessary, but like the next a hundred million people are probably not
gonna be interested in having 12 different options for how to do CSS js.

[00:59:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** Right? Yeah. And so this is why I think we're
now entering the stability phase of the ecosystem

[00:59:44] **Guillermo Rauch:** and hope there's gonna be more complete
solutions. Hope. Yes, please. That'd be awesome. It's, it is what people want as
well. Yeah. And I think has done a masterful job mm-hmm. At giving you a very
predictable, stable set of tools.

[00:59:58] **Guillermo Rauch:** Obviously more on the backend side. Sure.
[01:00:00] Clearly. , but it's, it's an inspiration for us in that sense as
well.

[01:00:03] **Aaron Francis:** Cool. No, that's really, I, I didn't know that PHP
played a part in the inspiration for next. That's very cool. I do like PHPs, ,
create the universe and destroy it on every request. It's awesome. I love, it's

[01:00:15] **Guillermo Rauch:** very easy to reason about, it's very reactive,
right?

[01:00:17] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. Like react, and Jordan was just talking
about this in the panel. React took that approach of like, there's some state
over here. Let's create the entire virtual dom, or even the illusion that you're
creating the entire application every single time. Yeah.

[01:00:32] **Guillermo Rauch:** And I find that that's the model that ultimately
you'd be surprised about how frequently things get, actually start over from
scratch.

[01:00:41] **Guillermo Rauch:** Just totally blown way in the world of
distributed systems, because things are always failing and they have to be
recreated from scratch. Mm-hmm. Yeah. , you don't wanna piggyback on the
accumulation of state. In fact, one of the great things about functions is that
they don't make assumptions about.

[01:00:55] **Guillermo Rauch:** Having been running for two years. Yeah. And
accumulating a lot of [01:01:00] caches, it has forced versa to do an enormous
amount of work into making things fast when they're cold. Yeah. I would always
tell the team, I love that we have this challenge because in the real world,
things do get cold.

[01:01:13] **Guillermo Rauch:** You know, there's traffic spikes. There is, you
know, during the weekends mm-hmm. Most of our customers during the weekends,
like lose a lot of their traffic.

[01:01:20] **Guillermo-Rauch_AP:** Yeah.

[01:01:20] **Guillermo Rauch:** And sometimes you have unpredictable spikes of
traffic. We're like, oh, oh, I didn't tell you for sale that I was gonna do this
Super Bowl ad they paid $7 million for Yeah.

[01:01:30] **Guillermo Rauch:** But you told me they were gonna scale. And yes,
of course I rise up to that challenge and that means reconstructing the world
from scratch in many, many different ways, fail over. Mm-hmm. You know, at scale
things are constantly, the, the CTO of AWS though says, you know, ultimately
something is failing all of the time right now as we're sitting here.

[01:01:52] **Guillermo Rauch:** Some computers just died. Oh, yeah. There's also
the categories of failures that are, , our infrastructure engineers have trained
themselves to create monitors for, which is like [01:02:00] unpredictable
degradations. Mm. Which is worse than, like, I, I'll take a segmentation fault,
I'll take a computer that stops responding.

[01:02:07] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. Over a computer that starts being, it
spikes up to a hundred percent CPU for no good reason. Mm-hmm. And at the scale
of the number of computers that we're running, we don't even have the bandwidth
to investigate. We just need self-healing systems. Yeah. And so embracing the
wilderness of, of the universe is a fantastic engineering principle that I
think, uh, you know, runtimes, , like PHB kind of came into from the, from the
early days.

[01:02:32] **Guillermo Rauch:** Alright,

[01:02:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** now it's time for the most important question of
them all. Let's say you couldn't work in tech, there is no tech. what would you
do otherwise? And you don't have to have the skill now, it can just be an
interest of passion or whatever else.

[01:02:45] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. So when I was a promising young student in
Argentina, because they had these two faces, like

[01:02:51] **Guillermo Rauch:** the dark side and the, you know, almost like,
uh, competing priorities between my dad and my mom.

[01:02:57] **Guillermo Rauch:** My mom was a chemical engineer, super [01:03:00]
cracked at math, loved, , academic recognition. My dad almost like, wanted to
ignore his academic achievements. He became an industrial engineer. He said, you
know what? Software is the way. If I could go back in time, I would've not
gotten this degree. you know, almost like, uh, self-deprecating in a way.

[01:03:18] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And so I started my, , life as more on my
mom's side of, you know, winning the math contest at school and studying really
hard. And, and then when I was about 13, 14, I went off the rails really badly,
but. I had almost like a fork on the road. So one of the dreams and visions that
I had is in Bar Loche.

[01:03:39] **Guillermo Rauch:** Oh yeah. Argentina, the south of Argentina. By
the way, if you come to Miami, there's a bar Loche Alpha ho place here that I
bought Alpha Ho that I took to the Dax party last night. That's what that was. I
saw you walk in with that. I saw that and now I was like, Barce bar From there.
I'm like, yeah, so I could have ended.

[01:03:57] **Guillermo Rauch:** So it's either go north to Silicon Valley,
[01:04:00] like really north or go very south. Argentina is a very long country,
uh, to Barce or the area where there's an institute called ero, which is one of
the most reputable nuclear engineering places in the world. Oh, right, yeah.
Okay. In fact, uh, a friend of mine who's now the chief of advisors to the
current president in Argentina is a nuclear scientist from this institution.

[01:04:23] **Guillermo Rauch:** And we're recently talking about, it was like a
small world because he also had kind of a. Fork on the road. He went that route.
I went the tech route. , and so I still long for it to be honest, because in
order to get to where we need to go in terms of becoming a multi-planetary
species that has super human intelligence, we're gonna need unprecedented
amounts of energy and compute.

[01:04:45] **Guillermo Rauch:** Mm-hmm. In fact, there's almost an equation that
has been implicitly discovered, which is the transmutation of energy into
intelligence. Right. Like if you think about test time compute, it's becoming
very, very clear that it's not that we can't have [01:05:00] unbounded
intelligence, our limiting factor has become energy.

[01:05:03] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And so nuclear is gonna take us there,
vision and fusion. you know, there's another parallel universe Yeah. In which
Rouch G is studying is nuclear science. And try to like come up with a reactor
of sorts. And I think there is also like an intersection of like, you know, how
do we get more out of, , improved designs of computers?

[01:05:26] **Guillermo Rauch:** Yeah. And so I think parallelization is clearly
the way, I think Math malls, , and Vector Math and GPUs, you know, there's this
awesome carpathy tweet about like, how weird is it that intelligence is being
created mm-hmm. From gaming cards. Mm-hmm. Like we would buy GPU to render Grand
Theft Auto. sick FBS mm-hmm.

[01:05:51] **Guillermo Rauch:** Or Call of Duty. And now that's behind the
intelligence age and the intelligence revolution. But I mean, a big part of that
is the great [01:06:00] parallelism that comes from like these plans that get
put onto the GPU grid. Yeah. And so uncovering new forms of highly parallel
computation in quantum computing and.

[01:06:11] **Guillermo Rauch:** You know, newer designs for asics and GBU is one
of my other, , big interests slash pair lives.

[01:06:18] **Guillermo Rauch:** I gotta say that's a way nerdier answer

[01:06:20] **Aaron Francis:** that I expected, right? It's most, most people say
like, I don't know, I'd be a painter or a farmer. I thought he said, when he
said bar Loche and he talked about the plate, he was gonna say, I want, I
would've been a basic, there's like an, there's an implicit lesson here that
he's like, if I didn't create this massive company, I would go be a nuclear
scientist and create a reactor.

[01:06:38] **Aaron Francis:** I think maybe some people are just built
different. Yeah, maybe. Maybe that's what it, I think react,

[01:06:42] **Guillermo Rauch:** there's an issue to react. Like react is like
this, like reactor, right? Mm-hmm. Uh, it's all connected in the universe, guys.
Yeah.

[01:06:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can't escape it.

[01:06:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would ask you if there's anything you wanna
plug or where people can find you.

[01:06:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm pretty sure by this point they know where
that is,

[01:06:56] **Guillermo Rauch:** but say it anyway. Where can people find you? R
Geo Next [01:07:00] dms are open. There you go. Excellent. T always happy to
talk to people.

[01:07:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right, perfect. And thanks for sitting down
with us. Uh, thank you. Any, any parting thoughts or all good? No, I mean, had a
lot of fun.

[01:07:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** We, I'll be back. That's promised. Yep. Yeah,
we'll make it happen. Don't worry. Otherwise, I'll chase you for years. You know
how this goes. All right, check never forgets. Thanks for doing this. Nope, that
one sucks. now hit one. That was awesome.

[01:07:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sweet. Hello?

[01:07:27] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got [01:08:00] it.
