[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hi, welcome to ASMR.

[00:00:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is Whiskey Web and Whatnot, and you are a
good developer. You know things. You can write tests. I believe in you. Anyway.

[00:00:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyway.

[00:00:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Anyway, how's it going?

[00:00:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I'm running on about 30 minutes of
[00:01:00] sleep or so.

[00:01:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And you just had that 30 minutes.

[00:01:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, no. Okay. So maybe an hour if you, if you
gimme that. But like last night, uh, the twins were up, wanted to feed like four
or five times in a row, and then like by 4:00 AM we got to try to go to sleep.
And then Odie decided that was a good time to poop in the bed. So

[00:01:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** eat that dog at that at this point. I think it's
a better use. Just eat

[00:01:26] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Right on, uh, on my way down to do this
podcast. He pooped on the couch, so we're, we're having a rough day.

[00:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. They're, uh, they're adjusting. Let's say
the dogs are adjusting to their new family.

[00:01:39] **Robbie Wagner:** No, ODI is just old and can't hold his pee and
poop in anymore.

[00:01:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:01:46] **Robbie Wagner:** But, uh, yes, my tiny children also cannot hold
their pee and poop in anymore.

[00:01:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** They, they never, they never could, they haven't
learned yet. So for those who don't know, Robert is on paternity leave with his
new [00:02:00] sons making his sound Sons count to three.

[00:02:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes,

[00:02:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Good job. You're done.

[00:02:07] **Robbie Wagner:** currently leading the suns count.

[00:02:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, you are. You're definitely, uh, you're
winning three to one. Uh, I am not gonna participate anymore or play that
roulette, so, in the end, but I'm winning daughters, so,

[00:02:20] **Robbie Wagner:** That is true.

[00:02:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well thanks for joining us. I'm assuming we are
live streaming as normal. I

[00:02:26] **Robbie Wagner:** We are

[00:02:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Today's whiskey is the old granddad, 16 year
straight bourbon whiskey. So it is the. Old, old, old granddad. Uh, it is
bonded, although not. Yeah, it's the old, old granddad. So, is at 100 proof, so
technically could be considered bottled in bond.

[00:02:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Um, but that's not really a thing anymore. It's
nice. Uh, marketing. There's no official mash bill, but it does say on here,
high rise mash bill. So we'll just kind of go with that. So it's exactly the
same as a regular old [00:03:00] granddad, or there is old granddad 1, 4, 2. I
believe it is, which is their higher proof bottling.

[00:03:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Um, but obviously much shorter aging. So this is
just the same whiskey at 16 years aging. Looking forward to that. Um, cracker

[00:03:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, old granddad one 14 has a special place in
my heart. It was, uh, at a, um, my parents' Christmas party. They do every year.
Somebody brought them some, I guess I was like, I had never heard of old
granddad, and I was like, this is hilarious. There's a whiskey called Old
Granddad, so like we just drank that.

[00:03:32] **Robbie Wagner:** It was actually really delicious.

[00:03:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is, it's actually, it's been one that I have
recommended to folks who like a more high ride bourbon. Uh, and the price point
has always been, i, I don't know where it's at right now, but it was somewhere
in the like $30 range, maybe it's 40 now, give or take. But people, uh. Are kind
of smart to its availability.

[00:03:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it comes from Suntory through the Jim Beam,
the Beam Distillery. [00:04:00] Um, so a long time brand, um, but always, yeah,
kind of a tasty one. So if you like to go that direction, I usually would
recommend the old granddad. 14. They have like an 80 proof inexpensive one
that's good for cocktails and then a bottled in bond, 100 proof of theirs as
well.

[00:04:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Indeed.

[00:04:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ooh. Little piney smelling to me, like, you
know, like fresh evergreen?

[00:04:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It smells like a wood shop.

[00:04:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Or that, yeah, just fresh cut pine maybe.
Yeah, I could kind

[00:04:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Bunch of hind, uh, two by fours.

[00:04:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yes. I'm gonna build some pine decking or,
I don't know. I don't know what you build with certain, like what woods are
appropriate for certain construction, like what's best for like.

[00:04:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Outdoor use. What's furniture? What's, I don't

[00:04:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it depends. I think probably if you had
infinite money, you would use like a cedar for most things. [00:05:00] 'cause it
could be indoor, outdoor. It's uh, like doesn't, rot doesn't get eaten by bugs.
I don't know. I mean, there's a reason we pressure treat boards and use those
for outside because like. It's cheaper than getting the actual good nice wood
that would do the same thing.

[00:05:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That speaks

[00:05:17] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I don't know.

[00:05:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Of materials going up and up. Labor going up and
up. Yeah. Nothing's

[00:05:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think your deck should be made of plastic
and it's one of the few things that should,

[00:05:28] **Robbie Wagner:** because it will never go bad.

[00:05:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's true. I've seen that like, uh, at like
Lowe's or whatever the like, kind of plastic, polymer, whatever it is, decking,
um, looks nice. I don't think I've ever actually been on a deck made of that
stuff though.

[00:05:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, my friend has one. And I was like, this is
dope. I want this. But anyways, we should probably talk about this whiskey.
Let's see.

[00:05:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Woo. Cherry notes.

[00:05:53] **Robbie Wagner:** like a, like a sappy, like still kind of, um, the
pine thing, but like on the nose I'm getting [00:06:00] like a sappiness, like a
sweet, uh, yeah. Anyway,

[00:06:04] **Robbie Wagner:** lemme taste it.

[00:06:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** sweeter than I expected in the first taste.
Salivating now priming the palette.

[00:06:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Salivating now. All right. Ooh, ooh. That hit you
in the mouth.

[00:06:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** It it does, it is got some spice. So right in
the middle too, right at the edge of my tongue. I got like sweet and spice, like
all at once. So a little bit of like, you know, cinnamon, but like starts with
like a cherry flavor to me. And like those, you know, jarred cheap cherries that
you put like that kind of cherry meta chino.

[00:06:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. I've gotta learn those words. I learned
this phrase, uh, not well enough that I remember it offhand, but I learned this
phrase the other day and it was,

[00:06:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:07:00] hmm, I don't know if I said that
right, but basically it means the idiot's mother is always pregnant. I love it.
Do you kind of get it like the, there's a, like there's an idiot born every day
or that kind of thing?

[00:07:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like

[00:07:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Ah, I see.

[00:07:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And uh, I thought that was really funny.
There's another, um, there's another like French saying that's, uh, don't drown
the fish, which is just like, you're, you're just overdoing it.

[00:07:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Chill out.

[00:07:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:07:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. 'cause you can't drown a fish. So that's
why it's funny too.

[00:07:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, something else is overdoing it. The amount
of wood on this is a little high for me.

[00:07:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. You love the rise though?

[00:07:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, but it, I guess it's just older, so it's got
a lot of, um, a lot of wood from aging a long time. But it's like, it's not
necessarily the worst amount of wood I've like

[00:07:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** No.

[00:07:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Tasted in, in something, but, um, I, I actually
think it's [00:08:00] good.

[00:08:00] **Robbie Wagner:** It's just not what I was expecting, I guess. So
it, it does it like it hits, it was hitting different parts of my tongue, like
all kinds of, uh, different flavors, lots of wood, lots of different stuff.
Pretty interesting, I think.

[00:08:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. There's a third thing happening here
for me. So I get, you know, that cherry at first, I'm getting a bit of the
cinnamon, and then as it sits, there's a third thing. There's almost like a
light bitterness to it. But I. Almost like a, I don't know, it's probably just
the char from the wood. Like you said.

[00:08:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a bit more woodiness. It's a bit more char
in the finish. But I do think it's interesting. I mean, it's significantly
better than any other old granddad I have had personally that said, I'm not
saying like, oh, this is the most amazing thing. Go, go clear the shelves.
Speaking of our highly technical rating system, I should probably describe that
for the folks who may be just

[00:08:54] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm unfamiliar.

[00:08:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. I have to remind you, I know you're
forgetful and plus you're on [00:09:00] very little sleep, so it starts at zero.
Tentacles, meaning horrible. Spit this out, throw it away. You know, don't
bother. Uh, Middle of the road. Not bad, not great. I. You know, it's okay.
Eight being clear the shells. This is amazing.

[00:09:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** And, uh, listeners of the show will know that we
tend to categorize them from bourbons and rise and scotch and whatnot as we do.
But, you can do whatever's best for you.

[00:09:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Was that now, yeah, I think you should do
whatever's best for you,

[00:09:35] **Robbie Wagner:** I thought there was the general, you like those,
those rating?

[00:09:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're

[00:09:39] **Robbie Wagner:** You'r not wrong, yeah. So yeah, I actually
realized, I do not have the notes of how much percent rye was this.

[00:09:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** say it's an undisclosed high rye mash bill.

[00:09:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay. Well, I. I don't like it as much as a,
like mostly rye mash bill I guess.

[00:09:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** it has the corn in there.

[00:09:57] **Robbie Wagner:** right. So it's, it's [00:10:00] not quite as spicy
as I would like doing, uh, it against other bourbons. I like it quite a bit. Um,
'cause it is spicier, it does have some more interesting notes, so we're, if
we're classifying it as a bourbon, which I guess we might as well say

[00:10:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do it then label.

[00:10:15] **Robbie Wagner:** this is gonna be a six for me.

[00:10:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Pretty good.

[00:10:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay. Yeah, that's kind of fair. Uh, already
alluded to enjoying it in the sense of. Uh, old, old granddad, uh, it's almost
like talking about myself actually. Just kidding.

[00:10:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I was gonna make a joke that this was named after
you, but.

[00:10:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. Old, old. It's, uh, basically
Charles, William Carpenter. II Granddad. Um, so yes, as a bourbon with high rye,
I kind of akin to things like wild Turkey.

[00:10:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like that is more of a like high rib, more spicy
bourbon, not so much of the sweetness or like weeded, uh, styles. So, and in
comparison to that, so here's one aspect of it. I think this is like 200
[00:11:00] bucks, give or take. I think I might have gotten my bottle like
Costco, so it was probably like one 70 or something of that nature.

[00:11:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it isn't cheap, but I do enjoy it and it is
kind of like an interesting one to break out for friends. Um, like. I would say
that like my middle ground would be, uh, the Wild Turkey 1 0 1 Bourbon. I think
that's pretty tasty, pretty attainable. Maybe it's like 40 bucks a bottle,
depending, and uh, 30 to 40 something in that range and in the spicier side of
things.

[00:11:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think this is better than that. Is it $200
better? I'm not sure. I think that knocks it down a little bit for me, but I am
enjoying it and I can see it opening up and kind of getting better. I will of
course, share this with friends. 6.25, that's where I'm coming in 6.25. It's
like definitely better than average.

[00:11:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is pretty tasty. I would almost push it to a
seven, but I think their price point is just a [00:12:00] lot. I think it's a
lot for what it is

[00:12:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Listen. Social security isn't what it used to be.
Granddad's gotta get some more money.

[00:12:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, for $200 or in that range, you can get
that, um, double oaked, Woodford that we had a few weeks ago with David, and
that is, was impressive. Like. For $200.

[00:12:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm picking that bottle over this 10 times
outta 10. you know, I think that's kind of its biggest hit for me.

[00:12:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. That's fair.

[00:12:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Hot. Hot takes. So, Robbie, vanilla, CS.
No, I'm just kidding. Do we need, need,

[00:12:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** to

[00:12:37] **Robbie Wagner:** big vanilla CSS fan. Everyone knows this.

[00:12:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, Uh, I mean, who needs a stupid system? It's
just styles. It's just styles and positioning.

[00:12:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like how self-important do you need to be?

[00:12:50] **Robbie Wagner:** I actually don't even use CSSI use, uh, I just
write bike code and like compile it all down to, to make it manually change how
things look like. Yeah, you [00:13:00] should, you, you don't need sequel. You
should just write like a thing that looks like sequel, right?

[00:13:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Like the thing. I argue that the internet is
designed for information and, uh, why do you need colors and positioning to
perform those transactions? I say you don't,

[00:13:20] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Everything we HTML, you're good.

[00:13:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Is because people have no attention span.

[00:13:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** and we're back.

[00:13:29] **Robbie Wagner:** This episode is sponsored by Riverside. They used
to be good several times. Now they have

[00:13:34] **Robbie Wagner:** sucked.

[00:13:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. Wow. Wow. Well, hey, Riverside people,
Riverside developers. Come on and talk about Riverside. I bet it's really hard.
Here's the thing, is that, yes, we have had more frequent technical challenges
recently that said this seems like a really hard app to make. And I've noticed
recently when I go to join in the waiting room, it's like, join [00:14:00] via
the app.

[00:14:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wonder if they're trying to push you out of
the browser.

[00:14:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, so here's, here's what I feel. We have this
kind of, , ideology where we want to like, you know, shift fast, break things,
keep adding features, keep getting investment, keep getting more money. Some
things hear me out, could just be complete. if it's working and everyone is
podcasting on it and we all love it and we like that it's stable because you
haven't broken it. How about we just keep it that

[00:14:29] **Robbie Wagner:** way?

[00:14:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:14:30] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like on our Tesla we have, you know, the
automatic wipers, right?

[00:14:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:14:35] **Robbie Wagner:** it, cars have that some of them are dumber and
they're just like, , you know, on a set interval, some are like. little smarter,
they can like sense the rain, the Tesla refuses to like do it any of those ways
and is like, I must use the cameras

[00:14:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh.

[00:14:51] **Robbie Wagner:** the video feed and decide whether it's

[00:14:52] **Robbie Wagner:** raining.

[00:14:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:14:55] **Robbie Wagner:** it always is just like sunny out and it's like
wipers, wipers, wipers, wipers.

[00:14:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:15:00] Oh.

[00:15:00] **Robbie Wagner:** so it's like, and that, that broke, like that used
to, it worked flawlessly for

[00:15:04] **Robbie Wagner:** years

[00:15:05] **Robbie Wagner:** and

[00:15:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:15:05] **Robbie Wagner:** out a software update and it broke and I'm like,
guys, I.

[00:15:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's the nature of software though,

[00:15:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Who the fuck wants your wipers updated?

[00:15:13] **Robbie Wagner:** They work. Do not do that. Like same thing with
Riverside here. If it's working, don't update it. Just like keep that shit the
same.

[00:15:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** do you think those functions aren't well covered
by testing suites and that's a possibility. We changed something else and now
this, you know.

[00:15:29] **Robbie Wagner:** but also like, I mean, yes, like in Tesla's case,
I feel like that shouldn't be as hard to cover as some of the things Riverside
does. ,

[00:15:38] **Robbie Wagner:** You

[00:15:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:15:38] **Robbie Wagner:** spin up a very robust thing that like faked, you
know, actually sending video, actually sending audio, changing your inputs, what
happens when the inputs go away, um, you know, a whole bunch of things. I don't
know. It's, it's tests that I wouldn't wanna write, but I think the people that
are making money off of these like pieces of software should write those tests
because we don't want the stuff to

[00:15:58] **Robbie Wagner:** break.

[00:15:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Yeah. You wanna [00:16:00] like the idea
of feature releasing is incremental improvement and not necessarily deprecation
of things that already work, but it's hard.

[00:16:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would wonder, I mean, first of all, we're
making some assumptions that like Riverside is on a VC money train and is
constantly having to move forward in order to meet valuations and yada, yada
yada.

[00:16:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** So who knows, maybe that's not true for them or
maybe this, but, I think we should have a Riverside developer on to talk about
like the complexity of that. So,

[00:16:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Related

[00:16:34] **Robbie Wagner:** we

[00:16:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes.

[00:16:35] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, from the browser company on. Did you see the
whole all, there's all been a bunch of threads about it. 'cause they like
basically, you know, killed

[00:16:43] **Robbie Wagner:** arc

[00:16:43] **Robbie Wagner:** to

[00:16:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:16:44] **Robbie Wagner:** they're working

[00:16:44] **Robbie Wagner:** on.

[00:16:45] **Robbie Wagner:** people posted the clip from, uh, Silicon Valley
where it's like, did you think you could ask for less money? They're like, wait,
what? You can do that? Because like they, there's this unrealistic

[00:16:56] **Robbie Wagner:** expectation.

[00:16:57] **Robbie Wagner:** You

[00:16:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:16:57] **Robbie Wagner:** that's a Chrome wrapper and it's worth $500
[00:17:00] million. not

[00:17:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:17:02] **Robbie Wagner:** problem is they now we gotta throw in ai, we gotta
kill that browser, we gotta like ai, everything like blah, blah, blah.

[00:17:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well.

[00:17:09] **Robbie Wagner:** you wanna focus on your core thing and you might,
know, you might be a multimillionaire instead of a 10 or a hundred millionaire,

[00:17:16] **Robbie Wagner:** like.

[00:17:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, right. Like, isn't there like a good,
happy place that isn't like a $5 billion valuation in order to become, well, I
mean, you know, CEOs becoming millionaires in the first couple of years if they
get traction because of valuations, but like it's all. Trust in bullshit to a
degree. I mean, forks were, are really working , in these spaces though.

[00:17:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** So wrap, wrap, chromium wrap or fork vs. Code
and now it gets bought and you know. Yeah. That,

[00:17:54] **Robbie Wagner:** it's a weird time, but like VC money has always
been weird. Like you look, if you watch, do you ever watch Shark [00:18:00] Tank
or

[00:18:00] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:18:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** no. Mm-hmm. I've seen it before, but like, no.

[00:18:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Everyone on Shark Tank, they're billionaires,
right? And so you look at, they're making an offer to someone for 500,000, for
like 50% of their company.

[00:18:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Mm-hmm.

[00:18:15] **Robbie Wagner:** look at their, like if you had, I forget the exact
numbers, but let's say you have like $5 billion in the

[00:18:20] **Robbie Wagner:** bank.

[00:18:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:18:22] **Robbie Wagner:** You make that 500,000 in interest in like a day.

[00:18:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:18:26] **Robbie Wagner:** literally putting nothing

[00:18:27] **Robbie Wagner:** up.

[00:18:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There's no risk. Yeah.

[00:18:30] **Robbie Wagner:** same with VC funding. They're like, if it doesn't
work, okay, it's a tax write off.

[00:18:34] **Robbie Wagner:** So I continue to not pay taxes and like I don't
care.

[00:18:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, vc, private equity, all these things have
sort of disrupted our incentives and financial system and made running like,
what if I just want to spin up a software business and like have it as a small
business? That's great. My family and I make, you know, whatever, hundreds of
thousands a year and have a very nice life.[00:19:00]

[00:19:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, that's not a bad goal, I don't think. I
mean, you know, Lambo rich is cool. Yeah, it's challenging.

[00:19:08] **Robbie Wagner:** to have a business and that it shouldn't be like
that.

[00:19:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, the problem with business is that it
always amounts to sales. It's like you can make a business, but if you can't
sell it, if you can't market it and get people there and all of that, and it's a
very. Noisy landscape these days, you know, it's not like 50 years ago you open
a shop in town and people are like, great.

[00:19:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** If I need that thing, I go to that shop. I know
Robbie and or I knew his dad, and so then I go there. But like all of that is,
there's none of the, those relationships involved either. Anyway, this, this is
quite a pivot of where I was thinking we were gonna discuss, but, CSS is.

[00:19:45] **Robbie Wagner:** You had started to talk about hot takes, uh, and
we were joking about things that weren't actually on your list, but

[00:19:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well,

[00:19:52] **Robbie Wagner:** this

[00:19:52] **Robbie Wagner:** actual

[00:19:53] **Robbie Wagner:** one

[00:19:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** this is a highly planned show, okay. And I want
to stay on task. That's all. That's all I'm asking for, [00:20:00] you know, a
little professionalism. Okay. That's it. I quit. I'm just kidding. , That would
be a hot take. I quit, by the way, , I just wanna let everyone know this is my
final show.

[00:20:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm not even gonna take it to episode

[00:20:12] **Robbie Wagner:** 200.

[00:20:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I want not even gonna make it. It's 200.
Yeah, that's it. Just right before just really mess with you. You could find a
replacement. It's not that hard.

[00:20:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** , So I was just thinking about, especially like,
I don't know what the trigger was, but I guess I'm like noticing this trend in
tech Twitter, just in general.

[00:20:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I feel like this idea of building a personal
brand. And becoming like kind of known in internet circles and tech internet
circles has really just exploded. It's this whole thing about like creating
content and like just being overly involved in social and social media circles.
Being prioritized, [00:21:00] and I don't know if that's being incentivized by
these community creators or by perception of folks still trying to break into
the industry or move forward in the industry.

[00:21:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe you're a junior and you've been working a
few years, you're not getting ahead fast enough because there's still this
perception of like, I wanna be senior in five years 'cause that's where the
money is, or that's where the clout is, or whatever your incentives are. Again,
no judgment. What I'm bringing this up for is more of like a observation of
like, are we pushing people to do this?

[00:21:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause to me, early career is very much about
like. Get in the weeds and build things, and break things and be on teams where
you have good mentorship, just through observing, like not even them being
responsible for pulling your career forward, but just like somebody who knows
the answers and has some like emotional maturity to get you through, you
[00:22:00] know, the trenches and do stuff and release things and have that.

[00:22:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just feel like, and it might be my perception
in our bubble, I don't know. I just see this rise of content creators and I
don't know that those are developers per se.

[00:22:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, yeah, I mean, I think if you're making money
off of content creation, you care more about the views and the, ad revenue than
your technical skills. So, you know, you're not necessarily learning the best
way to do things, you're just trying to make videos that people enjoy.

[00:22:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:22:33] **Robbie Wagner:** But also, if you have no presence at all, like
let's say you have no GitHub, no, , social media, no, nothing, you just, you
clock in at 9:00 AM you clock out at 5:00 PM no one's ever heard of you.
Theoretically, I would like to say you would be first on the chopping block of
like, oh, we got like, Microsoft just laid off 7,000

[00:22:54] **Robbie Wagner:** people.

[00:22:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay well we don't wanna get rid of the guy who
has like 10 million followers [00:23:00] on YouTube because you know, he's
actually a good developer and, know, giving us clout for just being here and
like whatever. , I think it could help you to like have that presence,

[00:23:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** At least the perception is. The perception is
that, it's funny that you use that example, 'cause apparently one of the guys
who basically like created TypeScript and has been working on it for the last 10
years was part of that. So isn't that funny?

[00:23:24] **Robbie Wagner:** did not see that.

[00:23:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, yeah. And so it's been like, oh got laid off
today.

[00:23:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, worked on the TypeScript and blah,
blah, blah for the last 10 years and had announced their, like, recent speed
improvements using rust in their compiler and and then got let go. The perceived
low performer, I mean, that's their spin is that like you must be a multi-year
high performer and we're cutting out middle management.

[00:23:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** That guy doesn't sound like part of that.

[00:23:54] **Robbie Wagner:** no. Yeah, I think a lot of it is just people
getting replaced by ai. Like if TypeScript is [00:24:00] pretty good. And it's
actually making it to where, you know, if everything is really strongly typed,
it's easier for AI to get it right. right.

[00:24:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:24:07] **Robbie Wagner:** like maybe it's at a point where it's good enough,
we don't need to work on it anymore

[00:24:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:24:13] **Robbie Wagner:** need programmers anymore either.

[00:24:14] **Robbie Wagner:** So just like you've done,

[00:24:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. So I think their spin isn't totally right.
I think I'm sure.

[00:24:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Some manager. I know it just said middle
managers getting cut up, but like some person of importance probably gets
personal, like input and say so. So it's just like, oh yeah, Robbie's a dick, I
want him out. and then expense, right?

[00:24:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** If they're just like, listen, we need to cut a
million from this department in salaries. Probably more than that because some
senior principal engineers are. Well paid, , across the board. I do think that
as an industry, like, well, not an industry, but as a, like profession across
the board, it's an artifact of like people getting [00:25:00] crazy titles super
early in their careers.

[00:25:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** In order to meet like, , salary bands because
demand, demand, demand and the demand is diminished. Let's just say that. Like
of course people need software engineers, developers, whatever the fuck you
wanna call 'em, that's always gonna be needed. I think to some degree for quite,
for a while, somebody has to like quality control or something, right?

[00:25:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Or just even be able to read and understand. You
have to have that skill so that you know what's happening, cause AI is not gonna
write bug list code, right? So how do you do that? AI writes the buggy code and
then, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like there's places there , but
I think the baselines are getting reset.

[00:25:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think there's just like mass layoffs and
you're throwing people out there to kind of reset them, to make them willing to
accept a lower salary band. You're not,

[00:25:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** constantly moving up. Yeah. There's a reset on
what the plateaus are. There's gonna be an [00:26:00] elongation in periods of
getting, up upleveled and all of that kind of stuff too.

[00:26:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** , I feel pretty strongly that like average
salaries for our profession is a big reason why there's massive layoffs.

[00:26:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I don't know anything about
how many of the people were like really senior people at Microsoft, but I. I
know that if you've been at, you know, one of these phenomena companies for 10
plus years, your salary is definitely, well, not definitely, but it's likely if
you're a, you know, principal of some sort to be over 500 K you get rid of a few
of those people you've made, you've saved millions of dollars and like just
getting rid of a few

[00:26:39] **Robbie Wagner:** people, and

[00:26:39] **Robbie Wagner:** that's

[00:26:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. Yeah. And if your ROI on their inputs
are just like, oh, they're making TypeScript better, that might not.

[00:26:47] **Robbie Wagner:** money made from TypeScript. Like it's a goodwill
thing and we all like it, but yeah. You're not making money from

[00:26:53] **Robbie Wagner:** it.

[00:26:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. And like you said, it's like. Very
stable. So [00:27:00] the

[00:27:00] **Robbie Wagner:** that they didn't fork vs. Code themselves and, uh,
make, make, billions of dollars for no reason.

[00:27:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** right, ironically, like OpenAI, who Microsoft is
a massive partner in ended up buying Cursor, right? Or was it Windsurf?
Windsurf. They bought Windsurf to, you know, strengthen against Cursor. I guess
and yet VS. Code could have just done that and co-pilot's getting even better
actually in VS code. I have seen a lot of improvements there too.

[00:27:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** So again, Microsoft has all the pieces and
apparently can't put it together.

[00:27:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it seems like it wouldn't be that hard,

[00:27:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it's a branding issue because like
nobody wants to pay them. So like Copilot comes out, it's free for a while and
then it goes to paid and then nobody pays. They're like, it sucks. Nobody pays.
So they go these other places and it ends up being better, copilot, quietly,
gets [00:28:00] better, and then is like, well, it's free here.

[00:28:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Come on back. It's free. And so they just don't
know the pay model. They got into open source. They hope to draw people into
pay, and it's, I don't think it's working.

[00:28:12] **Robbie Wagner:** it is kind of a problem if they start to not care
about the JavaScript community because they own all of it,

[00:28:19] **Robbie Wagner:** so,

[00:28:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, maybe you made a bad investment. They're
gonna push us all into do net, actually just gonna deprecate things that make it
do net friendly.

[00:28:28] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, if they made it bad enough, you would
just, everything would be Dino instead of node based. So you wouldn't have NPM
or like people would probably still use GitHub. I don't think you're gonna
dethrone GitHub, but

[00:28:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** GitLab hasn't done it for sure.

[00:28:42] **Robbie Wagner:** GitLab is trash.

[00:28:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Whoa. Hot take GitLab is trash. Really? What?
What specific things in it were too much for you?

[00:28:52] **Robbie Wagner:** It just doesn't feel right, like it has the, it's
like if you're rebuilding a clone of an app, but you just don't have the
[00:29:00] it factor or the vibe, you're just like,

[00:29:02] **Robbie Wagner:** all right I'm adding the same features. Like, you
like this, right? No, I don't.

[00:29:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, It does a lot too. It's like good enough
in many ways, but I do always think about it as like, yeah, just not as good as
GitHub.

[00:29:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think their tagline should be, at least
we're not Bitbucket.

[00:29:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Like strong number two, if you have a
financial reason, we'll get it done.

[00:29:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:29:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Like their CI stuff is decent. There's,
there's things, but it just never really catches fire.

[00:29:34] **Robbie Wagner:** it's reliable. It's

[00:29:35] **Robbie Wagner:** just

[00:29:35] **Robbie Wagner:** not fun to use. It's like any enterprise software.
I think it's like, wait, that's, maybe that's it. It's like more enterprisey. It
doesn't have that like social green GitHub graph, like

[00:29:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:29:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I like see new projects coming through. It's like
this is for work. You're not gonna do anything fun on it. It will be reliable

[00:29:53] **Robbie Wagner:** though.

[00:29:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's interesting because I don't follow
people really. I do star [00:30:00] projects. I do watch things, so I'm like,
GitHub very much has that like social to code for me. I don't really care about
the people so much.

[00:30:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Who likes people?

[00:30:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** We don't even like each other. I mean, come on.
This episode is brought to you by, this is a special one for you, Fresca. Yeah.
Got some fresca.

[00:30:20] **Robbie Wagner:** on your can

[00:30:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's hard with the lights right there.
What do you want me to do? You know?

[00:30:25] **Robbie Wagner:** But

[00:30:26] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I think, I think we should fork something
and try to make lots of money. 'cause that seems like a, a good plan.

[00:30:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** let's fork shepherd js

[00:30:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh,

[00:30:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** seems like a good plan. It's such a strong money
maker on its own. Actually. It's not so bad. You change a couple of words in the
license.

[00:30:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:30:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** You don't get rich unless you're like in a third
world country, but

[00:30:48] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, I do wanna build a lot of stuff. , I
have plans 'cause I won't have a lot of time on leave, but I'm hoping for like,
you know, an hour or two here or

[00:30:56] **Robbie Wagner:** there.

[00:30:57] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm gonna vibe code a bunch of stuff. [00:31:00]
So like the first one I'm very excited about. I don't have a name for it. If
anyone has a name in mind, let me know. But , the current name is just gonna be,
what am I supposed to be doing? Because I don't know if I have a DHD actually,
you know, I'm not diagnosed, but I have like, I have a hard problem with walking
into a room and being like, Ooh, this thing, I should work on this. Or like, not
finishing the thing.

[00:31:24] **Robbie Wagner:** I was like, like my wife tells me to go like, go
get me a Gatorade and I come downstairs to get it and like. I don't know, do
something else and come back upstairs without it.

[00:31:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:31:34] **Robbie Wagner:** so I want a, I want an app and it should be super
simple and it goes on, it's an Apple Watch app and you just tell Siri , this is
what I'm supposed to be doing right now. And then every minute I. remind you,
did you do this? Because it's a little different than like a reminders app. You
can have a persistent reminder that supposedly shows up or whatever, but it's, I
want a no new notification every minute, maybe with escalating like

[00:31:58] **Robbie Wagner:** levels

[00:31:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Urgencies. [00:32:00] Yeah. Get it done. Get it
done. Get it done.

[00:32:02] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so I, I'm, I'm gonna do, I think that'll be
a fun one and an easy one to do.

[00:32:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Are you gonna vibe code it in Swift?

[00:32:09] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. I am, going to build a PRD uh, I'm
gonna try it with like GPT, Claude. , I don't know all the tools I'm gonna use.
Like I, I'll probably do, um, windsurf if you can still use it.

[00:32:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know what the whole happened with all

[00:32:24] **Robbie Wagner:** their

[00:32:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I, I still use it. Yeah, I used it
yesterday. Today was meetings, but I used it yesterday.

[00:32:30] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:32:30] **Robbie Wagner:** just try

[00:32:30] **Robbie Wagner:** a

[00:32:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Clo Claude Code. How about Claude Code?

[00:32:34] **Robbie Wagner:** for like each app, but like for each thing I'm
building, I'm gonna try a couple different ones

[00:32:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:32:39] **Robbie Wagner:** then I'm gonna do another one that I is very
topical to me right now.

[00:32:43] **Robbie Wagner:** That is a, , baby picture ransom. So you go like,
we just had twins. You wanna see pictures? Click this button to buy formula and
then the pictures will unlock.

[00:32:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:32:57] **Robbie Wagner:** So,

[00:32:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it's basically, [00:33:00] it's a way to get
your inheritance early. I like this. I've, I've read financial articles where
they talk about the problem

[00:33:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** , with Boomer inheritance Cadence is that it's
not timely in that. So give me a second here to kinda hit this up and then you
can tell me if I'm anywhere near, that.

[00:33:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** If you get it when you're like 60, it's not life
changing in the same way that if you get it and if you're in your thirties, for
example, so it's like, oh, if you get it when you're 60, it's just kind of
padding retirement. You don't have the compound timelines and you don't also
have the same potential life changing.

[00:33:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Strategies. If you get it in your thirties, you
have a windfall that could help you start a new business or just even putting it
into your investments earlier so you have longer compounds, which way improves
your, , your retirement, things of that nature. So anyway, yada, yada [00:34:00]
yada, a way to like win-win, unlock inheritance sooner.

[00:34:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, not exactly what I was going for, but yes,
that is, that is a, a valid point to anything. Like I always say with
investments, it should be earlier,

[00:34:14] **Robbie Wagner:** which I have never done. I just take on as much
debt as I can earlier.

[00:34:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So do you drain your 4 0 1 ks for debt?

[00:34:21] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I don't drain my 4 0 1 Ks. Like I'm, I'm still
saving for retirement,

[00:34:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:34:26] **Robbie Wagner:** other than that, I am saving,

[00:34:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Not saving. Do you have an emergency fund?

[00:34:31] **Robbie Wagner:** no,

[00:34:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ooh.

[00:34:32] **Robbie Wagner:** cards.

[00:34:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ooh.

[00:34:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's, it's precarious, but it's like if you
did hit a big problem, you could drain your 4 0 1 ks if

[00:34:40] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:34:40] **Robbie Wagner:** needed

[00:34:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, for sure. And I'm also like, shit, talking
to you when I didn't even have a 401k until I was like 32 or something, I was
like, oh, I should maybe do this.

[00:34:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in some ways I'm, I'm ahead
compared to like, you know, over half of the population, but in other ways I
have like a lot more to work on. [00:35:00] So, you know, it could be better,
could be

[00:35:01] **Robbie Wagner:** worse.

[00:35:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe there'll be UBI by then and it won't
matter.

[00:35:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't know what to think about the future
with like how coding is gonna work and everything. but that wasn't something I
had a bullet point on,

[00:35:14] **Robbie Wagner:** so

[00:35:14] **Robbie Wagner:** we're

[00:35:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** and No, no, but you can go off topic. These are
all just, I don't know if you've seen this or listened to this show before, but
it's um, it's all sort of like an idea and then the reality, who knows? I.

[00:35:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I know. I was just saying I don't want to go
into that right now.

[00:35:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Fair enough.

[00:35:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, so you're gonna vibe code some stuff.

[00:35:33] **Robbie Wagner:** real

[00:35:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:35:34] **Robbie Wagner:** I will be giving a talk at Big Sky Devcon. I. ,

[00:35:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Also

[00:35:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:35:38] **Robbie Wagner:** an episode of this show there, theoretically.

[00:35:40] **Robbie Wagner:** We'll

[00:35:40] **Robbie Wagner:** see

[00:35:41] **Robbie Wagner:** if

[00:35:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** No.

[00:35:41] **Robbie Wagner:** out the details.

[00:35:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:35:42] **Robbie Wagner:** be there, but I

[00:35:43] **Robbie Wagner:** will.

[00:35:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** I won't. 'cause I quit.

[00:35:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I can't, I can't. 'cause I'm, I, I, because.

[00:35:51] **Robbie Wagner:** is the new permanent guest

[00:35:53] **Robbie Wagner:** host.

[00:35:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, in the background. I've been trying to
get him to do it, you know, we'll see. he's [00:36:00] definitely watching this.
, Yes, I think that is awesome. Oh yeah, that's in like, is that in like August?
Yeah, it's in August. I was like.

[00:36:07] **Robbie Wagner:** I was not expecting to be accepted and I'm gonna
have a lot of work to do to get a talk ready. but

[00:36:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's good. Pressure is good.

[00:36:17] **Robbie Wagner:** of the talk that I gave for web devcon at Amazon.
So no one in the real public has seen

[00:36:23] **Robbie Wagner:** it.

[00:36:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. That's cool.

[00:36:25] **Robbie Wagner:** but I'm gonna make it. Like way more fun and

[00:36:28] **Robbie Wagner:** interesting

[00:36:29] **Robbie Wagner:** than

[00:36:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** How much, how much HTMX is in your talk, because
I thought that was a requirement.

[00:36:35] **Robbie Wagner:** , There's none, but there is a lot of HTML, I
assume they're going to publish the, like blurb I gave them. So I'm not gonna
ruin it like spoilers if I tell you about it.

[00:36:44] **Robbie Wagner:** But,

[00:36:45] **Robbie Wagner:** the whole gist is, it's called HTML is stealing
our jobs like. A riff on like, you know, how AI is re replacing programmers, but
HTML is actually replacing the need for like, a lot of JavaScript.

[00:36:59] **Robbie Wagner:** So

[00:36:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:37:00] Ooh.

[00:37:00] **Robbie Wagner:** that and making like , a fun talk around that.

[00:37:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know you read a lot of books, so Hypermedia
Systems kind of talks about how good the web platform, like not how good, just
necessarily like what's already there and how it works and it's not wrong. Like
we went off the rails quite a bit and we forgot about what it can do on, on its
own.

[00:37:25] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause it's

[00:37:25] **Robbie Wagner:** on

[00:37:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Rails

[00:37:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wow. Oh, oh, shit.

[00:37:29] **Robbie Wagner:** anyway.

[00:37:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, my time here is done. Robbie's gotten
funny. So it's kind of, again, I quit. I'm not needed. you, that's, that, that's
cool. And I, I, I think there's kind of a thread there. , Yeah, I make the jokes
about HTMX con just 'cause Carson's a part of it or whatever. I wonder if I
could just ship. Are stuffed to Carson and then you just get it when you get
there, rather than going back and forth.

[00:37:53] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's [00:38:00] right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters,
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:38:26] **Robbie Wagner:** You could, although the shipping has been a

[00:38:29] **Robbie Wagner:** disaster, I

[00:38:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** true.

[00:38:31] **Robbie Wagner:** UPS again.

[00:38:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I should have just taken it with me two weeks
ago. Had I known that it, they,

[00:38:36] **Robbie Wagner:** if, if I knew how badly UPS could shit the bed at
just doing their

[00:38:41] **Robbie Wagner:** job,

[00:38:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:38:42] **Robbie Wagner:** would have been like, you fly here first,

[00:38:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:38:45] **Robbie Wagner:** it is to like, have you stay in a hotel, whatever.
It'll still cost less

[00:38:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:38:50] **Robbie Wagner:** like it and it'll actually get there.

[00:38:53] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Ridiculous.

[00:38:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** That just,

[00:38:56] **Robbie Wagner:** air.

[00:38:56] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like they put it on a. Truck and you cannot
drive. I don't [00:39:00] care how broken it is. Drive it to Miami

[00:39:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:39:03] **Robbie Wagner:** it off the truck. That's all you have to do.

[00:39:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I don't know how that's hard, but

[00:39:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, when I received it, so for context. To the
listener for React Miami, we shipped. Stuff using UPS. This episode is not
brought to you by UPS 'cause we're about to shit, talk them. and they couldn't
deliver it at first for whatever reason. Yeah.

[00:39:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Undeliverable, what's going on? It's like,
should have been delivered yesterday. Here I am showing up. Expecting to like
start to set things up instead. We had to try to find it and interface with
customer service on 47 levels that has no idea about. The state of the package
nor can put eyes on it, and we can't talk to anybody who can put eyes on it.

[00:39:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** They can only make a special phone call later in
the day to the shipper. It's like, okay, what the hell's gonna go on here?
Meanwhile, I have to rebuy a bunch of things and hope it gets sent overnight.
Thank you, [00:40:00] Amazon and.

[00:40:01] **Robbie Wagner:** UPS potentially.

[00:40:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Still potentially relying on UPS, but by the
time things got there, we were just like, well underway already set up, it shows
up, put in a giant refrigerator sized box.

[00:40:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** By the way, their repackaging was huge. It was
like three-fourths of a refrigerator box and they were like broken. I don't
know, one strap was like broken off. and you could, they have tape

[00:40:25] **Robbie Wagner:** still together.

[00:40:26] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:40:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** functional.

[00:40:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay, interesting. Because the one strap did
break, like the guy picked it up by the cheap plastic thing that holds the strap

[00:40:34] **Robbie Wagner:** on.

[00:40:35] **Robbie Wagner:** So

[00:40:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:40:35] **Robbie Wagner:** it broke, and I was like, Hey, yeah, those suck.
Please just like tape the shit out of it before you send it out.

[00:40:42] **Robbie Wagner:** He's like, all right, I'll do that.

[00:40:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't think he did.

[00:40:45] **Robbie Wagner:** do that

[00:40:46] **Robbie Wagner:** and

[00:40:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** There was tape on there.

[00:40:47] **Robbie Wagner:** started falling out

[00:40:48] **Robbie Wagner:** or

[00:40:48] **Robbie Wagner:** something.

[00:40:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean, there was tape on there, but I
don't know. I mean, I. The airline also like tore off like 400 layers of
wrapping. Like I saran wrapped the whole [00:41:00] thing in like 400 layers.
And I was like, this is great. And like this is how they ship furniture around.

[00:41:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is gonna be great. Got it Out of the uh,
baggage claim. Yes. Baggage claim. And all the plastic was gone magically. And
then one of the straps was kind of open and it was like half with the lid on and
I'm like, how? Did you guys do this? Like how did you tear off?

[00:41:22] **Robbie Wagner:** was a red flag when it was all wrapped up and they
had to unwrap it and like

[00:41:26] **Robbie Wagner:** make

[00:41:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, when they do that, they usually put a slip
in there saying like, you know, it was a TSA check and there was no slip, so I
don't know. Anyway, I got new independent straps, four of them wrap and, and,
and so I think the next ship should be better, should show up, ship shape.

[00:41:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think we need several smaller containers
instead of that one big shitty one

[00:41:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe,

[00:41:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** maybe.

[00:41:55] **Robbie Wagner:** we'll figure it out. One

[00:41:55] **Robbie Wagner:** day

[00:41:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, since I quit, I don't know what you're
gonna do with this [00:42:00] stuff. So you should find out, , type craft will,
, get you a better container. Maybe he's good with travel,

[00:42:05] **Robbie Wagner:** I bet he could find a container or I'll just ask,
uh, Jason Langsdorf, he'll be like, have you tried this container that is
$3,000?

[00:42:11] **Robbie Wagner:** And

[00:42:11] **Robbie Wagner:** I'll

[00:42:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** right? Yeah.

[00:42:12] **Robbie Wagner:** one does look good.

[00:42:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, he doesn't travel with like a big behind
banner thing, so that's, that's the only thing. But he knows how to take
everything else for sure.

[00:42:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, yeah, I mean he, I don't know how it works,
honestly. 'cause like most of his equipment is usually at his spot in Portland.

[00:42:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Right. But,

[00:42:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:42:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Didn't they do a thing in like Yeah.

[00:42:32] **Robbie Wagner:** he's done them around the country and like when we
got there, like is that his crew that somehow like puts everything in a big
truck and drives it there? Or does he hire a local crew that has all the

[00:42:43] **Robbie Wagner:** stuff?

[00:42:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, probably that

[00:42:44] **Robbie Wagner:** like a TV crew basically with all the things you
would need for that. guys figure it out. Maybe it's that

[00:42:51] **Robbie Wagner:** and he

[00:42:51] **Robbie Wagner:** doesn't

[00:42:51] **Robbie Wagner:** have

[00:42:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I think it's the latter, but I can't imagine
that cost. I mean, shipping versus that, like shipping would be easier. But you
need a crew. You need [00:43:00] people

[00:43:00] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, it's like a TV show. It's, you know, each
episode is like, could be up to like a hundred thousand dollars. I feel like
depending on like how much you're, I don't know the exact cost, but it's like it
is a big production. It is not

[00:43:13] **Robbie Wagner:** like, it's

[00:43:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** this e. This episode is brought to you by Mux
Mucks video. They just print money.

[00:43:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know what mucks video

[00:43:22] **Robbie Wagner:** is.

[00:43:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't know what Mux is. Mucks were the sponsor I
think of, of his last, web dev challenge. And they do,

[00:43:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Argyle.

[00:43:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think so. Yep. they do video technology across
the board, so they do like video hosting and streaming and tech stuff and, uh,
features and yada yada, yada. It would be more tech sided.

[00:43:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Vimeo maybe is like the best way I can kind of
say it.

[00:43:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Gotcha. Yeah, he's had some cool sponsors that
have like introduced me to technologies that I might use, but then I forget
about them and don't use them.

[00:43:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right mucks. Well, they have the cool [00:44:00]
T-shirt. I don't know if you saw the cool T-shirt that folks had at React Miami
is kind of retro looking. I was lucky enough to get sent one 'cause I'm kind of
a big deal.

[00:44:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I, uh, don't know if we've really unpacked
React Miami at all. Anything, any major things that happened I should

[00:44:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, other than what I said, I mean for me it
was very difficult. I mean, admittedly I've felt like very burned out from that
event, so I. Nothing to do with the event itself. And Michelle is great and like
it was a great setup, like super accommodating, enjoyed the conversations and
all that, but like the logistics were like.

[00:44:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exhausting. Uh, I was also lucky that my brother
like, drove down to help a bunch with some of that. So like he's setting up
things as soon as I get equipment shout out, to Roxy also who like helped me
with show [00:45:00] notes as I was working on logistics stuff like Aaron
stepping in and co-hosting a lot of positives like that, brought that together.

[00:45:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** That was good. The event was people are super
excited, like it has a vibe to it. You know, you were there last year, there was
like more of that vibe and I do like the intimacy of the new venue, so I thought
that was really nice. it was fun. Like the only thing I got to see was the
family feud. Parody thing with the terminal Coffee guys.

[00:45:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** But that was really funny and enjoyable. Had a
lot of great conversations. We gave away every single t-shirt and that was
exciting. Again, shout out to my brother because he was, as we're recording,
he's talking to people and giving out, t-shirts and our cards and all that fun
stuff. So it's a positive event and it is fun, but I was like super burned out.

[00:45:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was like, uh, I'm so tired of this. Of this
case, I'm tired of dealing with microphones [00:46:00] and that's it.

[00:46:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:46:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** So that's the TLDR?

[00:46:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean that's why uh, TV and radio stars
don't deal with their own equipment.

[00:46:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:46:11] **Robbie Wagner:** up and their thing and they're done.

[00:46:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:46:15] **Robbie Wagner:** part is hard and you have to know a lot of stuff
about how it works, how to level all the stuff, how to get your lighting right,
how to, you know, whatever. And we don't care to know that much about it. I just
wanna press a button and it works.

[00:46:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean that's the thing is like, it's just
another thing you have to learn on top of everything else. And you know, we
don't have our weekends to dive into the nuances. I. but I mean, people there
were, were nice and helpful as much as they could be, and so, you know, we make
the best of it. But it is challenging, you know, when you think about people who
might be traveling with equipment.

[00:46:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wonder if Wes and Scott have traveled with
their gear and what that looks like because React Miami,

[00:46:56] **Robbie Wagner:** prints a custom thing

[00:46:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** he would now. [00:47:00]

[00:47:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's like, I 3D printed a case, cost me $5 and
50 cents. , I don't know how you get the phone, but you know, the previous year
they did a live episode and they had gear, I guess, or did they use what, you
know, I don't know.

[00:47:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe that's a con, uh, question. I

[00:47:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I honestly am not sure,

[00:47:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't remember.

[00:47:19] **Robbie Wagner:** super crazy gear. I

[00:47:22] **Robbie Wagner:** don't

[00:47:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:47:23] **Robbie Wagner:** the sound they had, 'cause they were doing talks
in that room beforehand,

[00:47:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And they just used,

[00:47:28] **Robbie Wagner:** into that.

[00:47:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** yep. My guess is they used what the venue had,
and maybe that's our flaw is like, what venue stuff do you have to provide for
this?

[00:47:37] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm not gonna say any names, but we've tried that
and I don't like doing that. I

[00:47:41] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:47:42] **Robbie Wagner:** having

[00:47:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm,

[00:47:42] **Robbie Wagner:** the sound and what the output is.

[00:47:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know what you're saying. Yeah. There was some
cool aspects of it and like those weird, like Britney Spears, mikes, you know,
and all that shit, but. you don't know what's happening. You're just sort of a,
you're at the whim.

[00:47:57] **Robbie Wagner:** coming all the way across the country to
[00:48:00] record a show.

[00:48:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:48:01] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't like not knowing if I'm going to ever get
that show,

[00:48:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yeah,

[00:48:07] **Robbie Wagner:** So I want to be like, I know I've got it on my SD
card, I'm good.

[00:48:10] **Robbie Wagner:** See

[00:48:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. Got my own board. Just plug that
into Thanks. Bye.

[00:48:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Which is, I think is also reasonable. Like we
bring our board, you plug it into the system the venue

[00:48:21] **Robbie Wagner:** has,

[00:48:22] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, then everyone at the venue could hear
you if they were wanting us to do it that way.

[00:48:26] **Robbie Wagner:** don't know.

[00:48:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's all a learning experience. You should start
a conference of podcasts. Tech podcasts, the tech podcast conference for
veterans. And who would sponsor that? Hmm. That's the problem. We can't even get
anyone to sponsor , our own podcast. How would we ever get someone to sponsor a
uh, like conference around it?

[00:48:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** this episode is brought to you by David Kramer,
his personal bank account.

[00:48:53] **Robbie Wagner:** yes.

[00:48:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** You'll like it assuming he ever hears this, but
we'll see.

[00:48:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Cool. [00:49:00] Anyway, speaking of whiskey. so
I had this epiphany, I think it was last night anyway, having a little drum
hanging out on the couch with the wife.

[00:49:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** We have a few Girl Scout cookies remaining. and
I just like, it's time to wrap these up. I'm over it. So get those Samoas and
then. Tasting the coconut chocolate, like that cookie mix and then taking
another taste of whiskey. I think it's a great pairing. And I wanted to ask if
you've ever come across other similar whiskey enhancing pairings?

[00:49:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know specific ones to tell you, but we
used to always go to the whiskey dinner at a, there's a place called the
Carlisle House in Alexandria.

[00:49:46] **Robbie Wagner:** It's

[00:49:46] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:49:46] **Robbie Wagner:** a

[00:49:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:49:47] **Robbie Wagner:** house. , And they did a whiskey dinner out on the
back and they would do each course, would've a different whiskey and know, like,
you know, not, not like a real amount of food, but like some kind of pairing
that goes with it. And I think that's a really underutilized thing. [00:50:00]
Everyone does that for wine.

[00:50:01] **Robbie Wagner:** You know,

[00:50:01] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:50:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:50:02] **Robbie Wagner:** of wine pairings, tastings, whatever. I think you
could do a lot of that with whiskey and like, , you know, one of them that is an
obvious pairing is you make a whiskey ice cream and then you have that with the
whiskey. I don't remember what the other stuff was. , But they went all the way
from like, they had unaged stuff, like just. Clear corn, alcohol,

[00:50:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:50:23] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, this is, this is how it starts.

[00:50:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's called White Dog.

[00:50:27] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, something that's, , a little bit more
aged, like, you know, leveling up to the stuff that's supposed to be the best, ,
to see all the differences and the different types of mash bills and whatever.
also you could take that like, I, I really like Ken Wheeler's, , barbecue high
tea. Like, I think you should do that with whiskey pairings.

[00:50:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh.

[00:50:46] **Robbie Wagner:** And be like, fancy af and like, I think it would
really take off, but, , I also don't have the money to start a restaurant, so.

[00:50:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** and it feels like it's really hard to make that
like a profitable venture [00:51:00] I think that you have to really love
running a restaurant as part of that, and then you're just getting by.

[00:51:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Your margins are like five to 10% if you're lucky.

[00:51:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Exactly.

[00:51:10] **Robbie Wagner:** lots of volume and really love what you're doing
day in and day out.

[00:51:13] **Robbie Wagner:** And if

[00:51:14] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:51:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:51:14] **Robbie Wagner:** then yeah, fuck it. So yeah, I don't know. I, I
think like, I'd like to see that exist. I don't know if I'm the one that should
start it.

[00:51:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, if it's called Ken Wheelers, I don't think
you should. I think there's a guy, you know, there's a guy.

[00:51:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Ken Wheelers. I was just saying that the,

[00:51:33] **Robbie Wagner:** he

[00:51:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean,

[00:51:35] **Robbie Wagner:** the people that know who he is, if you called it
Ken Wheelers, would be interested

[00:51:38] **Robbie Wagner:** in

[00:51:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. They would go,

[00:51:40] **Robbie Wagner:** do you wanna invest in this? I think, uh, I think
we should think

[00:51:42] **Robbie Wagner:** about it.

[00:51:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, wheeler's, whiskey, and barbecue, and
let's just, yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Gosh. What could be the third anyway, for
now, it's wheeler's, whiskey, and barbecue. We just started and we just kind of
like force him to be involved until he just [00:52:00] gets involved.

[00:52:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:52:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** That seems like a Northern Virginia staple. I
could see it happening.

[00:52:06] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it could do well in the DMV area.

[00:52:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, it'd be tough to figure out the exact spot
that would do well, but like, you know, having been to the whiskey library in
Portland and like. Jack roses and like places that do everything just great.

[00:52:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep. Yep.

[00:52:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Why isn't there more of that? Like it it, I get
that it's hard and you gotta build up your whiskey collection and it does take
work, but it seems like a model you could copy as long as you actually know what
you're doing and just do well,

[00:52:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well,

[00:52:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** because you could only copy at that moment,
right? So if you went to. If you went to the Jack Roses and you looked at their
menu at that moment in time and you just said, great, I'm just gonna take this
and I'm gonna start my new thing. The problem there is that you have a
collection of people who are so knowledgeable that that continues to move and
evolve because inevitably [00:53:00] your bottles get drank and you have to go
buy something else.

[00:53:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** And in the marketplace the availability is
different. I think the magic there is that they are just good at identifying
things that are pretty tasty to the pallets, like open pallet and that's hard to
replicate so you can go steal, okay. This almost dovetails back to a thing I
have on the list, which is like gum road.

[00:53:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is open source now. It's one of those like, Hey,
we're open source software. Do it on your own. If you want, like post hog and
like many other apps, super base, like they're all open source, but they also
know that it's really hard to do on your own. we're gonna open the book. This is
the secret sauce.

[00:53:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Doesn't mean you can start Robbie Base and then
have a business that is all of a sudden. Worth the same as theirs because you
just can't run it the same. You don't have [00:54:00] whatever's behind the
curtain. And I think it's like that with like restaurants and everything else
too.

[00:54:05] **Robbie Wagner:** taking that a step further then. Should we have a
franchise model for open source? Super base is like, Hey, you wanna be Robbie
Base? All right, well you give us 25% of everything you make and a $300,000
payment up front, and we will help you all the way. Like as we iterate, you
iterate and you're growing with us and like there's something there.

[00:54:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't think that's terrible. I think there's a
possibility there's, there's something there. I mean obviously it's not complete
unlock on day one, but I don't know. So the franchise model is about
accessibility. McDonald's starts in California and they start franchising out,
and I've heard how amazing McDonald's is.

[00:54:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I want access to it. I go on the internet,
Doesn't change anything. need to be able to drive there and get the good, so
what is that for? Software. So I don't know, but I don't think it's wrong
because sometimes people [00:55:00] are just like, well, this has been around
for five years. I want the new thing.

[00:55:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** What's the new thing? Well, the new thing's,
just a copy of the old thing, but we'll still take your money.

[00:55:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:55:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:55:10] **Robbie Wagner:** know someone that has better ideas on that than we
do. Let us know.

[00:55:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. and this is why we don't execute.

[00:55:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I don't have time to execute.

[00:55:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I just make things and move on. Make it
move on.

[00:55:22] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I don't even have time for that.

[00:55:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:55:25] **Robbie Wagner:** mean now, specifically right now I just like, I'm
just surviving.

[00:55:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. Just getting by. We'll check in with
Robbie in about six months and see how it goes.

[00:55:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well, I'll be back at work then. So
hopefully I have time for work or, uh, we're gonna have bad

[00:55:38] **Robbie Wagner:** news.

[00:55:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You know, like you're an under performer.
Oh, I don't know. They know what situation you're in.

[00:55:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Also fun fact, if you try to lay someone off
when they're out on paternity leave, that is federally protected, so fuck you.

[00:55:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. Yeah. I think I would hope that you're
safe. You're like, you just started recently.

[00:55:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean, I [00:56:00] think, I think everyone
at Hashi Corp is gonna be safe at IBM for, I mean, don't, don't quote me on this
if everyone gets laid off, but I'm thinking. Couple years at least, like gonna
give us time to switch over to their stuff. Where we can figure out, you know,
what is redundant. If there are things that are super redundant, those things
will probably go away and the people that work on them will either be absorbed
to a different team or they will go away.

[00:56:23] **Robbie Wagner:** And like, that's just part of the, the acquisition

[00:56:25] **Robbie Wagner:** process.

[00:56:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:56:26] **Robbie Wagner:** but our team works across all the apps and like
ensures they're all. Working well, so I feel like we won't go away, but trying
to make lots of fancy graphs and stuff to be like, look at the work we're doing
so that you can see we are needed.

[00:56:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Look how important I am. No robots can
know this.

[00:56:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I have lots of leather bound books

[00:56:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:56:49] **Robbie Wagner:** uh.

[00:56:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** My, my apartment smells of rich mahogany. See if
you want a good smell. Mahogany is it comes back [00:57:00] around to the wood
that you choose for particular purposes.

[00:57:04] **Robbie Wagner:** is a good wood. I think I should just replace all
of my decks with Mahogany. Very cost effective.

[00:57:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yes. Well, you're rich. I mean, come on. You
mentioned a Tesla. You got this nice microphone.

[00:57:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay, so breaking news.

[00:57:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh boy.

[00:57:19] **Robbie Wagner:** a Tesla model X, right? one, six seats.

[00:57:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:57:24] **Robbie Wagner:** that with the twins, we needed to really shake
things up.

[00:57:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:57:28] **Robbie Wagner:** it. We got a white model X

[00:57:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** There you go.

[00:57:34] **Robbie Wagner:** because if you have the bench seat, with like the
three seats in a row, they actually all fit there.

[00:57:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:57:39] **Robbie Wagner:** if you have two with the hole in the middle

[00:57:42] **Robbie Wagner:** and

[00:57:42] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:57:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** yep.

[00:57:42] **Robbie Wagner:** in the back, in the, like third row, it's actually
all fucked up. 'cause like each row has to be fur really far in front to like
fit all the seats in front of each

[00:57:50] **Robbie Wagner:** other.

[00:57:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:57:51] **Robbie Wagner:** then the person in like the passenger seat is like
in the dash.

[00:57:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm,

[00:57:55] **Robbie Wagner:** this is dumb. We went to the Tesla dealership with
all three car seats and went like, [00:58:00] so can we put these in a car? And
they were like. So

[00:58:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** sure. Why not? Yeah.

[00:58:06] **Robbie Wagner:** there and then we got home. We were like, huh, the
model Y is like a lot cheaper. It's the new, like they've revamped the model Y.

[00:58:14] **Robbie Wagner:** It's nice and like, should we try that? So we went
back the next day and we were like, can we try to put these in the model Y? And
it is like one or two inches too short or

[00:58:23] **Robbie Wagner:** too

[00:58:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh right.

[00:58:24] **Robbie Wagner:** don't fit. So like that, that also makes me
wonder, like when you're designing a car, right? What are your parameters?

[00:58:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Why could you not, why couldn't this car be two
inches wider,

[00:58:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** , I saw some thread on Twitter too, talking
about how. Essentially like car safety standards have also inhibited folks from
having more kids because like three is kind of a breaking point where there's
only a handful of cars that work. And let's just say financially you can't get
those cars.

[00:58:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** What do you do? Well, you can have another kid,
you know?

[00:58:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, there was a post, uh, [00:59:00] the exact
wording, but someone was like, tagging Elon. 'cause Elon is like, oh, everyone
should have 15 kids and like, repopulate the earth and like, stop the population

[00:59:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Of course. Yeah.

[00:59:09] **Robbie Wagner:** they're like, okay, so if you want this, why don't
you make a fucking car that'll hold seven plus adults comfortably

[00:59:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Seriously. Yeah, like seven.

[00:59:20] **Robbie Wagner:** missing thing. Like even the rivian being the big
SUV that's electric

[00:59:24] **Robbie Wagner:** is

[00:59:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not that big actually, comparatively to
like your, , when I was in Montana a couple weeks ago, they upgraded us.

[00:59:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** I tried to get a minivan 'cause it was like six
guys. I'm like, this will work. I don't care. Good price. They're like, oh, you
have an upgrade for $12 a day. And, , for a suburban. And I will say I hated
driving that car, but we were very comfortable.

[00:59:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was like driving a yacht.

[00:59:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't want to drive a Suburban,

[00:59:49] **Robbie Wagner:** but

[00:59:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:59:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Right. Yeah, it's nice and there's plenty
of room and all that kind of stuff, so it's very interesting to think about like
where safety [01:00:00] standards have taken us. I mean, traditionally, like
throughout history, it was poor people that had tons of kids. Because, you know,
they needed people to plow the, the fields and all of that.

[01:00:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Also, , infant mortality rates were, were really
high comparatively. So there's that and all that. Like, oh, I had six kids,
three made it, you know, and you can throw all the kids in the back of your
pickup or your station wagon or whatever else.

[01:00:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** But safety standards, yeah. No, I rode, I
definitely rode in the back of my parents' station wagon plenty of times, and I
thought it was amazing.

[01:00:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was so fun. But no, it was just the back, it
was the, you know, you have your front seats, your back seat, and I was like, I
wanna go here. And they were like, sure.

[01:00:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Station wagon had the seats in the back that faced
the back.

[01:00:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, that's cool.

[01:00:52] **Robbie Wagner:** sit there and look out the back window and it
actually had seat belts and stuff. So,

[01:00:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, that's cool. That sounds like some fancy
shit.

[01:00:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we always chose to sit [01:01:00] back
there. 'cause you know, as little kids you want to like wave at all the people
and like see what you can get them to do and

[01:01:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You feel like you have a little
independence.

[01:01:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[01:01:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All right, well we're over time. Was there
anything we missed talking about that you really wanted to get to?

[01:01:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** just, I want to talk about why Women Kill, which
is this TV show that's, they don't, apparently, it is by the producer, writer of
Desperate Housewives, and it has that vibe. It took me a little while. It took
me a few episodes, I don't know. It was recommended.

[01:01:32] **Robbie Wagner:** you chose to

[01:01:33] **Robbie Wagner:** watch

[01:01:34] **Robbie Wagner:** to

[01:01:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** No it wasn't. It wasn't, it wasn't, but, which
I'm still pretty sure my wife is gonna kill me, so I'm glad we have this on
video.

[01:01:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** anyway, so it's interesting. It's like this
house and it's in three different time periods. It's like the sixties and the
eighties and more modern times, it's in Pasadena and it's just going through
like the relationship. [01:02:00] Like quandaries and whatever else. I guess at
some point it amounts to the women killing their husbands or somewhere , in
that, , trifecta.

[01:02:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I don't know. It's actually, well it's
interesting from a period perspective and then like the pace of it in certain
language and whatever else, it's like, oh, I get where this is the housewife's
guy, but it's actually like, kind of cool. Lucy Lou is in the eighties one, and
she is great. She's like funny and it's like, so captures like the eighties,
like, I don't know, it almost feels like American Psycho, you know, like the
eighties were about having and showing and whatever else, and she very much
captures that and it's just really funny and weird and I don't know, just wanted
to like throw that out there because I think like rather than talking about like
sci-fi or video games or whatever else, it's actually a thing that I probably
wouldn't have watched on my own, but would [01:03:00] recommend.

[01:03:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Yeah, I, I might check it out. I have other
things I need to watch,

[01:03:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Paramount Plus. Paramount Plus has been crushing
it for me lately.

[01:03:09] **Robbie Wagner:** hmm.

[01:03:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know.

[01:03:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I have never paid for Paramount Plus. 'cause what
does Paramount make? I don't know.

[01:03:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** so all the Yellowstone things, I started with 8
18 83 is what I started with. I only watched a couple of episodes and it was
based on my Montana trip, but I was just like in that vibe. And, okay, 1883
Stars, faith Hill and Tim McGraw. And you're like, this is gonna be, this is
gonna be so corny and stupid.

[01:03:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is gonna be so corny and stupid. But it is
like, it's one, you know when you watch some shows and they have like Game of
Thrones or whatever has this, and at the end of the episode you're like, that's
fucked up. And then they end it. It has that, it has that. And I was like, okay,
I'm in.

[01:03:56] **Robbie Wagner:** and Tim

[01:03:56] **Robbie Wagner:** McGraw,

[01:03:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And they get raw and I'm like, [01:04:00]
okay,

[01:04:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** now Tim.

[01:04:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mick raw. Anyway, cool. We're over time now. Uh,
anything you wanna plug or

[01:04:10] **Robbie Wagner:** no. I'm tired.

[01:04:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Go take a nap and I'm gonna go
pretend to work for another hour.

[01:04:17] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. everybody next time.

[01:04:20] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
