[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, what's up everybody? This is Whiskey Web and
whatnot after dark where the drinks are stiffer and Chuck is less filtered, but
the points still don't matter.

[00:00:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh, whoa. I mean, I just, the jokes started
flowing immediately. am I not stiffer? I don't know. , I guess that depends.
That's subjective,

[00:00:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I mean that depends if you've had enough
Botox or not. I

[00:00:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** right? Yes. You [00:01:00] know,

[00:01:00] **Robbie Wagner:** that's a nighttime erections

[00:01:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** right in, in the wiener. Yeah. Wiener. Wiener is
such a childish word, but I like using that term. Uh, before we completely lose
the plot from the start, I guess we should talk about whiskey. Tell 'em what's
in the bottle today, Chuck.

[00:01:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Today we're gonna have the barrel craft
spirits private released rye whiskey.

[00:01:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is. Dubbed the Cranky Kong, probably by the
folks at the Prime Barrel who made this pick. It is finished in Roso, Sherry
barrels, , I don't know anything about that. Didn't Google it. O-L-O-R-O-S-O if
you wanna look it up. Uh, it is a blend of Indiana and Canadian rye whiskeys.
Uh, it is 1 27 0.8 proof, so non H stated.

[00:01:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** , That's about all I've got around it.

[00:01:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Tell 'em what they've won. Robbie? no. All well,
video game reference or, uh,

[00:01:58] **Robbie Wagner:** you've won this, [00:02:00] not straight on. Look
at my face because I've abandoned the, uh, prompter. So,

[00:02:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:02:06] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, you've also won Chuck's internet being awful,
uh

[00:02:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know what would be the, oh, well, you
know what I wonder. My, uh, kids are streaming right now and, yeah. Anyway,
we'll see. We'll hope. No. We'll see. We'll, we'll hope it goes okay.

[00:02:23] **Robbie Wagner:** do it later. They said it'll be better. They

[00:02:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I mean for some of us it's, well, it's
after dark, except we're not, for me. Not after dark at all. It's actually still
light out 'cause it's five o'clock.

[00:02:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** But anyway, it's five o'clock somewhere.

[00:02:39] **Robbie Wagner:** all right, well, we'll, we'll reconvene in many
hours.

[00:02:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Let's show if we can do another one in two
and a half hours. See how you feel. All right.

[00:02:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyway, back back to the real thing. Let's see.
I'm smelling some lemongrass and light notes of

[00:02:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:03:00] Hmm. I'm getting some banana peel. A
little. It's like banana peel.

[00:03:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah.

[00:03:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like a little extra sweet
extra. I don't even know what those other new,

[00:03:10] **Robbie Wagner:** like my kitchen all the time. 'cause we

[00:03:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** but you keep buying them, right? You keep buying
them. Same thing. I'm like, the kids don't like bananas. I will like eat half a
one with oatmeal sometimes 'cause I don't like wasting.

[00:03:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** And then the other four like go bad. It's like,
what's the point? I'm gonna prime the palate.

[00:03:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Little like big red gum.

[00:03:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Little bit of, um, used shoe

[00:03:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I could get kind of a wor in
leather taste. You know, you've had to bite, you know, when you've had to bite.

[00:03:44] **Robbie Wagner:** of if you wore leather

[00:03:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Yeah. You never had to like bite a belt up
a belt because something painful was about to happen to you. Yeah, no,

[00:03:54] **Robbie Wagner:** I have not done surgery in my

[00:03:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. You know, you're, you're out on the range
and you, you [00:04:00] get kicked by a mule and it cuts you wide open and
they've gotta like get the poker really hot so they can sear it and seal it, you
know, and Yeah, it's like that.

[00:04:10] **Robbie Wagner:** the times that happened, I wasn't wearing a belt.
It was weird.

[00:04:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, your pants fit perfectly at all those
times, you know, it's like you're out as a cowboy and, uh, you had a great
tailor though. So anyway.

[00:04:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:04:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah, so I get leathery notes. I get a
little bit of like. Smy, big red gum, kind of, in the initial bits as it
finishes, it bitters out. , Something in the middle there.

[00:04:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** You said lemongrass earlier. And I feel like
that's affecting me, but it is a little like leafy in a way. So I think the
combination of like,

[00:04:45] **Robbie Wagner:** I wanna say cloves. There's something

[00:04:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, yeah,

[00:04:48] **Robbie Wagner:** like tongue numbing. Not because of the alcohol,
but like, you know what I mean? Like that kind of,

[00:04:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, like coats across it, you know? Yeah, I
could see that. Interesting.

[00:04:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:05:00] Well, do you think you have enough
data points I should first explain or 'cause it's been a,

[00:05:06] **Robbie Wagner:** I do, but what's the

[00:05:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** yo I don't know you. Yeah. Could be one through
10, one through five, one through three, like one to a hundred. Is this, you
know, like wines are 90 points on the wine spect spectator scale?

[00:05:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. No, we don't have that.

[00:05:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** , We're nerds and we make stuff up. We go from
zero to eight tentacles, , zero being terrible. Spit it out as it looked like
you almost did four. Middle of the road. Not bad, not great. eight is clear, the
shelves, which means buy them all when you see them. that's really it.

[00:05:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** So based on that, see what you can do.

[00:05:41] **Robbie Wagner:** this is not the best barrel one that I've, uh,
ever had. it tastes kind of like a standard rye, like someone that didn't
necessarily do anything super fancy, even though I know they did. like it tastes
like a rye. I enjoy it. Okay. It's, it's very standard rye to me. A little spicy
[00:06:00] little just, just tastes like rye and that's fine, but I'm not wowed
by it, especially compared to Sagamore.

[00:06:05] **Robbie Wagner:** So since this was probably pretty pricey, I'm
gonna give it a

[00:06:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There you go. Yeah, I mean, just even, ,
comparing it to other barrel expressions, , we've had some bourbons. I don't
know if we've had another rye. I don't know if you can recall that, but I.

[00:06:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm not sure. But I like barrel a lot, so you
know, I'm not super happy with them on this one.

[00:06:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know, they were exploring and, uh, maybe it
was a swing and a miss on this one.

[00:06:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, it was about a hundred dollars. Most of
their stuff is at least a hundred. You know, I think it like starts around 75,
but I see most of 'em at a hundred plus. So given that, , yeah, it's really hot.
It's not that interesting.

[00:06:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not bad per se. It's not like, eh, but it's
definitely not something that I like look forward to having. Like, oh yeah, I
would definitely get this again 'cause I really would like it. Or, know, you get
like, oh, I've got something a little different for, for your friends. , This is
really just not nailing any of those for me too.[00:07:00]

[00:07:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Four is kind of, yeah, middle of the road. ,
Okay. I think the price makes it kind of an extra ding. So I'm actually gonna
take it down to a three and a half for me and Rise. It's somehow combined with,
like, compared to other rise or compared to other barrels, I'm still both ways,
like three and a half.

[00:07:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** There you have it folks per

[00:07:21] **Robbie Wagner:** episode used to be sponsored by Beryl, but it is

[00:07:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's not anymore. There goes all the free
whiskey. They never ever sent us.

[00:07:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** So what's on, what's going on with you? Well,
first yes,

[00:07:32] **Robbie Wagner:** before you get to to that, I want to ask very
burning question. Have you been to the Taco Bell Cantina?

[00:07:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I haven't, I am extremely, uh, not yet. I
haven't done it yet. It might happen this weekend 'cause my wife is outta town
and so, you know, garbage food selections Can go abound, like it is an option.
So I feel like it's, uh, something that's gonna happen This weekend. I was not
the least bit interested [00:08:00] in having Taco Bell again for the rest of my
life, really.

[00:08:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** , It's fine, but I wouldn't seek it out, you
know? That's what I mean. I wasn't like, oh yeah, I need to have that crunchy
gordita to,

[00:08:09] **Robbie Wagner:** all right. Here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna
tell you, like, I'm just gonna text you later my exact order, you should just
get that and see if you feel any different.

[00:08:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay. Yeah. Like you and Josh.

[00:08:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Because if, if not, I just wanna confirm like
you've tried the same things I have and you still think it's trash.

[00:08:26] **Robbie Wagner:** That's fine. Like you're, you're welcome to your
opinion. I just wanna make sure you're not trying

[00:08:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no, I get that. 'cause like my standard
orders would be like, I like, , you know, a normal, just supreme crunchy taco.
Like I want, you know, lettuce, cheese, sour cream on a, on a crunchy taco with
beef, ground beef, traditional. I like a bean burrito, actually no onions, bean
burrito. That's another one I like.

[00:08:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Bean burritos can be very good. It's very heavily
dependent on fresh it is

[00:08:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:08:55] **Robbie Wagner:** it, because sometimes it'll be like kind of
crusty, but [00:09:00] other times it'll be like nice and

[00:09:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:09:01] **Robbie Wagner:** like,

[00:09:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's why I get it. No onions. It used to be
like on the dollar menu and stuff too. And if you get no onions or if you
customize it in any way, it's not pre-made. At least that. Yeah. So there you
go.

[00:09:14] **Robbie Wagner:** I remember that hack, someone said that with, uh.
Chick-fil-A sandwiches too. If you get no pickles, they have to make it fresh.

[00:09:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep. Can't have pickles. Having touched your,
your thing. So yeah, it's a good hack. Like for any fast food.

[00:09:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:09:27] **Robbie Wagner:** we will hear back next show about Chuck's Taco
Bell adventures.

[00:09:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Can't wait. And the fact that I can
combine it with some weird Taco Bell alcoholic beverage since Cantina does serve
alcohol and that's like the intriguing part.

[00:09:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I don't know if they're all the same, but
like the one near us had, have you seen those beer things where like you put the
cup down and the beer goes up through the bottom?

[00:09:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes,

[00:09:55] **Robbie Wagner:** they have those. , Yeah. I don't know if they're
all like that, but, uh, ours had that and they had [00:10:00] like. Pretty much
any frozen drink they have like a Baja blast freeze or whatever. You could get
like alcohol in like tequila. They had like five or six bottles of tequila
behind there. Like, not a lot of selection, but uh, yeah, I don't know.

[00:10:14] **Robbie Wagner:** We'll see what, what

[00:10:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, I will. I'll document it. Maybe I
should like take a short video of my experience.

[00:10:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:10:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, fair enough. Yeah, exactly. Compared to a
non-alcohol fueled Taco Bell experience. I mean that used, that was the thing
though. Also, like in college, I'd get Taco Bell all the time, but like again,
you have this like 99 cent menu and you just like load up after the bar's
closed.

[00:10:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** So

[00:10:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And it's open at 4:00 AM

[00:10:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes. Also a winner. It was like White Castles,
taco Bell, you know, again, they were just all winners.

[00:10:51] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Let's see. So I saw recently, I want to
say within the last couple days, but time is all [00:11:00] relative at this
point. that Claude four released,

[00:11:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes.

[00:11:05] **Robbie Wagner:** have you tried it?

[00:11:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** a little bit within Windsurf. So I will change
models in windsurf and, , just kinda look at differences. When one model gets a
little confused, I'll just be like, restart and change it over. So I've tried it
only through that. Have not tried it directly through like the chat.

[00:11:26] **Robbie Wagner:** windsurf has not like, stopped you from using
stuff that isn't open AI now that they've been acquired.

[00:11:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** at all. Yeah. , They even have their own SWE
model. Which is supposed to be very, , coder centric, so it's probably like
their clawed code equivalent so that you can change agents within that. Uh, and
they have a ton you can do. I used Gemini, , two five for quite some time. I
liked that one. , And yeah, I just, like, just over the last day or so, tried
4.0.

[00:11:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Did you notice any discernible difference from,
were you using three seven before or did you [00:12:00] stay on three

[00:12:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, no, I, I tried three seven some, but I would
mostly use three seven for like, when I was planning and discussing things. So I
would just use that in the chat. And then I was using Gemini two five for like
my in code work and just, you know, Basically like highlighting certain parts of
the code in order to like, keep it very focused.

[00:12:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I, I thought I had pretty good results
overall. It was really great for like writing tests and stuff too.

[00:12:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's what I love AI for is like,
I don't ever wanna write a test, so I wanna be like, Hey, spin up some vi tests
for all these things. And it's like, cool. Done.

[00:12:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Basically, you know, you're like, and it's
done and yeah, I had it set up, uh, v test, , in current company repo and like
basically scaffold everything out. And then I just kind of reviewed each little
test within the suite and I think it was like on a service. So essentially
[00:13:00] it was a singleton you'll enjoy.

[00:13:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was a class. So each method we just kind of
would walk through.

[00:13:04] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I've, I've been using it. , You know,
various AI things, , had a lot more recently because like, there's so much, like
you said, grunt work, like stuff that I don't wanna have to think about. but I
do wonder, um, there was a post by Zach from Warp, like I guess a day ago on
LinkedIn, and he was like, why don't my senior engineers want to like, start
with AI and just like ask it to do the work. he's like, you know, product people
are doing it and like, everyone that isn't like a senior engineer, like juniors
are doing it, whatever. And you know, I think part of the problem there is if
you've been coding for like 10 plus years, you probably enjoy it. like, if I'm
literally doing none of it and just asking a thing over and over to hopefully
get it right and I'm getting frustrated with it, like, where's the fun?

[00:13:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, I do wonder, well, like, know, if our
careers continue to be a thing for a while. will there be room for [00:14:00]
that? Will people still allow us to code for fun and like actually think, or
like, you know, I don't know what, where that's leading.

[00:14:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean, that's a good point. I think, DHH
had a post I don't know, maybe like a couple of weeks ago that I thought really
kind of spoke to that, which was, I like coding. I don't want this to do the
thing I like doing, but I like using it to work through solutions, to plan
things out, to like figure out when I get stuck.

[00:14:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** The, all that kind of stuff. Like the things
that, some of it are the things you were doing with like Google to begin with.
Like, oh, I'm kind of stuck. What are the options out there? so yeah, I think it
is, I think it's a mistake not to use it at all. To, not to like.

[00:14:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Integrated into your workflow in some way and
whatever that way is for you that like helps you out and helps you feel more
productive. Like don't take a narrow path upon it. I think like if you wanna
write the code, then write the code. If you're like, for some reason you're more
of a [00:15:00] systems designer and you want something that gets into the weeds
to work through things, as long as you understand what it's putting in for you,
fine.

[00:15:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Take that path too. So I don't think there's a
one size fits all, but I do think that like not exploring it is a mistake.

[00:15:15] **Robbie Wagner:** AI stuff. I use it when I get stuck. Particularly
with Astro, and this happens to me every time 'cause I do it so infrequently.
There's like this cel adapter that runs your images through it.

[00:15:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm.

[00:15:27] **Robbie Wagner:** image component,

[00:15:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** I.

[00:15:29] **Robbie Wagner:** optimizes everything. it works locally with SVGs,
but not like, it just silently fails when you deploy it. Like, 'cause it tries
to optimize the SVG, it can't be optimized through the service or whatever, and
then it just you an image that isn't there. like stuff like that, I just go
like, the fuck, can you help me?

[00:15:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Ai? And it's like, oh yeah, you dumb. And I'm
like, cool. Like,

[00:15:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, you didn't read all the docs. Well,
guess what? AI can read all the docs in like [00:16:00] 4.4 seconds. And that's
the difference.

[00:16:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Which like, is reading docs over, do we not have
to read docs ever again now?

[00:16:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** It depends if you want to use things, maybe not.
If you want to like deep dive as an expert for whatever reason, you know, if you
ever want to be a contributor to Astro, than maybe.

[00:16:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I don't know. Honestly, the, the main reason
I wouldn't be a contributor they have such a complicated mono repo. Like you can

[00:16:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:16:27] **Robbie Wagner:** tell what has changed or not. Like the change logs
and the This was another problem I hit where, uh, I was trying to, trying to
think here what this was. Yeah, I think this was still Astrophe.

[00:16:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I can't remember. 'cause I did some updates to the
Swatch website and the swatch itself. I don't know which I hit this on. So like,
I was trying to find change logs and stuff, and it doesn't have them because
like, I. , You know, it's just like with Astro slash here's the repo and it's
like, okay, well I can't find what change, I don't know how to use these
packages. Like Astro, [00:17:00] it was Astro Tailwind or like Astro Starlight,
tailwind Starlight, their docs thing.

[00:17:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:17:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Starlight tailwind that makes Tailwind not
conflict with it. So like if you're using Tailwind and that you won't get weird
style shit. but the documentation is just for the newest version. It's not
version docs

[00:17:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:17:20] **Robbie Wagner:** docs. So like, because I hadn't updated the site
in a while, I just literally had to go into the code for the old one, read the
comments and like figure out how you were supposed to use it because it is just
not there.

[00:17:32] **Robbie Wagner:** And I think that's a big problem with big mono
repos and like docs and versioning in general, like something that Ember add-on
docs has done well. does a lot of stuff badly, but it does that like you, you
can click the different versions and see all the different stuff and like I
think all docs really need that so that if I'm jumping in there, I can be like,
oh yeah, this is how it's different.

[00:17:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's, yeah, I mean, I think it's a
pretty good point. I think that's a interesting thing about releasing multiple
packages from am mono repo [00:18:00] too. That is somewhat challenging and that
like when you go into releases and you're trying to look at change logs, it's
like crazy, like it's like this package, this package, this package, 45 things
bumped up and you really like, it's hard to track what the hell happened when,

[00:18:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And in the worst case, they put it all in
GitHub releases, not a change log file.

[00:18:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:18:23] **Robbie Wagner:** every single page, like there's like 500 pages

[00:18:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:18:26] **Robbie Wagner:** command effing, like breaking, looking for the
breaking keyword to see what broke.

[00:18:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. I'm just trying to get to the
next major release of some things, of this particular thing, in fact, so I can
try and figure that out.

[00:18:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Code release it@breaking.ai. Does that already
exist?

[00:18:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. Oh yeah. That sounds like one that
gets snatched up pretty quickly.

[00:18:48] **Robbie Wagner:** And it will be you just put in your package name
and it will like find the change logs, the releases and stuff, and just look for
breaking and just give you only the breaking stuff. I don't care about the rest
of the changes. Oh yeah.

[00:18:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.[00:19:00]

[00:19:00] **Robbie Wagner:** already exists. Okay,

[00:19:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Um, yeah. Well, unsurprised, consider
yourself unsurprised about that every AI thing or tangentially related AI thing.
yeah, that is getting snatched up. Anything. Ai, what did you think of
whiskey.ai? That definitely exists.

[00:19:19] **Robbie Wagner:** sale.

[00:19:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** How much? $12,000 We should buy it?

[00:19:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Does it say $12,000?

[00:19:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just riffing.

[00:19:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I could imagine it being a. if I were someone
that squatted AI domains, I would probably of just casually say they're all a
minimum of $10,000.

[00:19:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:19:39] **Robbie Wagner:** you're a business like first sell.ai, okay, that's
$10 million.

[00:19:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Well, and they're like worth it. I dunno.
Code do ai. Can you imagine what that is worth right now?

[00:19:52] **Robbie Wagner:** probably like what's on it? Let's see if anyone
has it.

[00:19:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm sure someone has it.

[00:19:57] **Robbie Wagner:** code. Do AI just redirects to [00:20:00]
github.com a code. Do AI community,

[00:20:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:20:05] **Robbie Wagner:** delete that and sell that domain.

[00:20:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think they're doing okay. You know? Yeah.
Yeah. For them, that's not an asset that is really necessary. So, but yeah, they
got in early.

[00:20:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyway, I don't remember where I was going with
any of this.

[00:20:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm, just wondering about how these tools are
being used and, yeah.

[00:20:27] **Robbie Wagner:** So winds you like windsurf a lot? 'cause I've
heard it's like, uh, it was more for like HTML ish, like, you know, fundamental
web stuff. Not as much like JavaScript, but I don't know if that's true or.

[00:20:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, I'm usually just putting semantic, HTML.
I'm a senior, HTM lr. so, and then I add a little hypermedia in there just
'cause I like the stickers. I didn't find it that way, so like, I had tried
cursor, I had tried Windsurf. At the time I initially tried, I didn't really
vibe with either one. It was mostly using like chat agents.

[00:20:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:21:00] And then, uh, was working on a
project, , where someone was really into it and just like, kind of fully bought
in and showed us some very interesting workflows. And I was like, okay, I'm
gonna come back and try it again and just see. 'cause I do like the integration
and context 'cause often with. Agents, you know, you're like overexplaining
things over and over again.

[00:21:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** trying to come back to similar places,
especially if it ever got confused. , So yeah, I think it was just basically out
of that. There's really no better reason why I chose that. Uh, maybe
aesthetically for whatever reason, it kind of vibed with me a little more. Like,
I like clawed, I like anthropics, branding better than open ai.

[00:21:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** So I just lean that way 'cause it just feels
friendlier to me. I have this whole like, story in my head about like, it's the
nice robot, not the like machine. So I dunno.

[00:21:53] **Robbie Wagner:** I do wish nothing but failure on Sam Altman. I
will say

[00:21:57] **Robbie Wagner:** that Okay. So you're not [00:22:00] friends is
what you're saying?

[00:22:01] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I mean, if he wanted to be on the show, I
would have him, but like,

[00:22:05] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:22:05] **Robbie Wagner:** think it is a complete dick move to have the like
personality that, you know, what if I delete all jobs, it's just cool.

[00:22:13] **Robbie Wagner:** You can delete all jobs. Like, he initially was
like, you know, talking about they were saving a bunch of money as part of their
foundation, and if a bunch of jobs went away, they would help people with money
and whatever.

[00:22:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And then they went for-profit so he could
be ultra rich. So what we're trending towards is like a thousand people having
literally all the money of the entire world. And that will be the rest of us
murdering those thousand people. And like, like what are, what's the end goal
here, man? Like I, I get that it's cool and fun and whatever, and like, you
delete all the jobs, it's gonna be a big, big,

[00:22:49] **Robbie Wagner:** problem You've, seen Wally, right?

[00:22:52] **Robbie Wagner:** I have.

[00:22:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's, that's the end goal. It's like the
cartoon version of Idiocracy. It's like [00:23:00] placate and distract. I think
you get enough UBI that that is enough. , I don't know. Like, it's interesting.

[00:23:09] **Robbie Wagner:** though? Like, I think that's my biggest thing is I
could live on, you know, a set amount of money from the government if all jobs
go away. But they take my house like banks or I guess they could get rid of all
banks and like the government could assume all that and then the government
could get to keep their houses or something.

[00:23:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. But like the house you currently have
Yeah. The Cal House you currently have, is it for all perpetuity?

[00:23:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean there's a lot of logistical things
that, , seem. Like they're not worked out, but maybe they are worked out by
really smart math people that are like not talking about it. I don't know.

[00:23:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because even the idea, I think there's a lot of
things that have traditionally been considered to be like knowns, like real
estate increases in value typically. Right? And, and wealth is built on top of
real estate. [00:24:00] But like, one interesting thing about that is that, uh,
and I know I, I probably won't say this like well, but there's like the whole
idea of real estate is kind of two piece.

[00:24:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** There is the land that you own. And then there
is the home on top of it. And at a certain point, the home, like that
combination has a value. But if the land and like the home stagnates and
whatever else, and the land continues to increase in value for a myriad of
reasons, at some points the land is so valuable that the house is actually like
the least useful part of what's on there.

[00:24:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Which is an interesting thing because land is
finite while, you know, houses can grow and change and whatever else, which is I
think, a trap that's happening right now. A lot of like, , plots in my
neighborhood, I'm in, in like a, a fifties, sixties, like mid-century
neighborhood and there's, you know, decent sized lots here and there's lots of
play, lots of like developers that have come in, not our kind of developers, you
know, real estate developers [00:25:00] and they will like.

[00:25:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Raz the house, the 1950s house, and they will
basically just build all over as much square footage as they can, because what
gets sold in the real estate market is square footage of the home. Which is an
interesting thing though, because both the home and the land both have
appreciative value, but at a certain point, the land could be more.

[00:25:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** And now you've covered it with house. Is that
gonna become a trap at some point where like, well, we actually care more about
land than house, so your house is worth zero and your land is worth this, and
now you're, worth, your net worth has dropped in half because desire changed.

[00:25:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think that could happen. And I think just
house prices in general are going to drop in half. At some point. we'll

[00:25:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:25:49] **Robbie Wagner:** but like the way it's going is unsustainable.
There will be a breaking point at some point.

[00:25:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. If you can't, like the American
dream is whittled away quite a bit already. [00:26:00] And obviously you can
relocate to still kind of get advantageous, , scenarios within Amer America. But
you, you can't both have that and say, return to office is the way we work. And
you know, right. Like, okay, you can't go and get a rural place and have your
white collar job, but there aren't blue collar jobs that allow you to afford
that same place.

[00:26:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, you know, there's a reckoning coming, I
think.

[00:26:28] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's always kind of been you know,
engineering salaries have gotten kind of insane, especially if you're an AI
engineer, you can just make, you know, piles of money. But the way that you're
supposed to make money is to find something easy, like pressure washing, and you
start and you just, you grind for like a year, you know, you get a good
reputation. Then you hire another couple people who also do pressure washing
under your name, You need to do something like that and like build a, you have
to scale your [00:27:00] business across

[00:27:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm.

[00:27:01] **Robbie Wagner:** is the only way to become rich. It's very hard to
get a one job from one company and be like, you know what? You need to just pay
me millions of dollars.

[00:27:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, your singular amount of time, like that
scale plateaus typically. And we have a skewed that and boy, have we been taught
a lesson in the last couple of years, right. And equalizing and reduction in
that kind of stuff. I mean, the good that I can see that comes of it is that
let's flush out those that were trying to get into programming and development
and whatever else based on lifestyle.

[00:27:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause I definitely had seen a lot of that over
the last five years or so.

[00:27:41] **Robbie Wagner:** from no education to a hundred

[00:27:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Six figures.

[00:27:45] **Robbie Wagner:** for like, yeah. So I, I don't

[00:27:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** And

[00:27:47] **Robbie Wagner:** any of them for doing it.

[00:27:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no, but I also think that like, and so this
was a point, and I mildly brought this up, our last recording and left it on
because I didn't really feel like it was [00:28:00] covered. Like there's,

[00:28:01] **Robbie Wagner:** we said before. So.

[00:28:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, so you know, it was light, but like the
world of the celebrity developer, I think it's interesting.

[00:28:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it's like almost the next gen of DevRel but
it's not even like, you don't even have to work for the company to start
DevRelling in a way. You're just doing relations and evangelizing the career
path or something like a lot of like. On the road talking at every, and you
know, again, somebody's asking for this, so it's not like a shade, like I'm not
throwing shade, but it is like an interesting thing to like divide from, yes, I
know code and I do some code, but I actually just talk a lot about code and I
theorize about code and I stream about code and show you a little bit of code
and show you some cool examples.

[00:28:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** If you could just fuck around and do whatever
you wanted, it would look like this and this and this. And it's not like,
because the real [00:29:00] job, most of the time I would say like the real job,
80 plus percent of the time, is not glamorous, it's a grind a little bit. And
you're not always solving fun problems.

[00:29:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're shipping product or you're fixing a
thing, or you work for a Fortune 500 company and you're working on a code base
that is like five versions behind or uses some unsexy technology. Like that's a
reality. And I think it like really sugarcoats over that.

[00:29:25] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:29:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well, what I am curious [00:30:00] about you
know, let's say the primo Gen, right? He's like super popular, does a lot of
stuff. Do you think if he did, like I have a cooking channel instead of coding,

[00:30:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:30:12] **Robbie Wagner:** just as popular? Like, I feel like a lot of these
influencers are just fun to watch, just interesting people and like they happen
to code and that's the thing they like to, you know, show you and like really
love doing. So that becomes popular there. But what if they loved something
else? Would they still be popular on YouTube and stuff? Maybe.

[00:30:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I think maybe, so let's say this, like he
was a, a gaming streamer. Then, you know, basically grew up and got a career and
kind of kept doing his thing. So he has an appeal to a certain kind of audience
and there's an overlap there. So do I think he could be popular doing some other
things? Probably. I mean, he's a nice guy.

[00:30:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** kind of funny, like, you know, he has a
personable personality and strong convictions. I think all of [00:31:00] those
can play into something. Would it be as much or less Hard to say, but I don't
think he could start a cooking show, like without having had the path that he
has now. Like if he was starting from zero and a cooking show and then like blow
up, I think it'd be pretty hard.

[00:31:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, to be honest.

[00:31:17] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, maybe that's not, maybe it doesn't have to
be specifically him or specifically cooking. I just feel like a lot of these
influencers are just so charismatic in certain ways that people would

[00:31:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:31:28] **Robbie Wagner:** them. I. Regardless of what they're doing.

[00:31:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think so. I mean, definitely I think the ones
that are making it are, have found a niche in that way. The problem is, is I
think a lot of people are being encouraged as part of their career development
to take that path, which is very like content creation or stream or, you know,
do talks or whatever else.

[00:31:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like maybe, maybe, but

[00:31:53] **Robbie Wagner:** it has not helped me. We've been over

[00:31:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:31:55] **Robbie Wagner:** many times.

[00:31:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Yeah, you are, you are a good use
[00:32:00] case. And I think you're a majority use case though, right? Like, , I
mean, all things considered hasn't helped me either. No, not really. I mean, I
haven't done conference talks. I've only done meetup talks. , But we have this
show, I'm not a millionaire.

[00:32:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nobody's banging down our door in my door to ,
you know, speak independently. Yes, we get to do this show sometimes. At a
conference and things like that. That's this forum, but nobody's looking for me.
They're looking for this.

[00:32:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Right.

[00:32:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:32:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I think, I think it really all depends and it's
like, I always thought all these people that did any amount of content had more
than like, a couple followers were all just like printing money. Everyone knew
who they were, like whatever. But I think it's not, it's not always like that.

[00:32:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Like Adam Argy is a great example.

[00:32:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:32:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I talked to him like even before being laid off at
Google, which is fucked up. Like when he was there, had the exact same path that
I had at Amazon where like interviewed, they down leveled him [00:33:00] majorly
and it took him like three or four years to get to the part he should have been
at when he was hired.

[00:33:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, of course.

[00:33:06] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, holding the entire CSS ecosystem on his
back, like really important guy, and they just don't respect that because it
doesn't directly make them millions of dollars, I guess. So like.

[00:33:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:33:18] **Robbie Wagner:** that's the thing is if the things you're doing,
like the content you're making, the open source you're doing can directly make a
company like overnight $10 million, then you're valuable.

[00:33:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sure.

[00:33:29] **Robbie Wagner:** to all of the developers and like developers need
that stuff to do their job, no. We don't care how the developers feel because
they should do their job regardless.

[00:33:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, it's true. It's actually, I think, more
of a recruiting strategy.

[00:33:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** So like if you have a sexy brain, like, oh, well
Google starts to like, maybe not look as cool. They've been around a while and
there's all these other like, interesting things happen and I work here and I'm
talking about this thing and I support the CSS foundation and blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.

[00:33:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right? And that's working at the [00:34:00] time
where, , hiring and recruiting is like much more challenging. Well then great.
Yeah, you're building that up to like fuel your pipeline when your pipeline is
overflowing. Yeah, all the things you were spending money to fill the pipeline.
maybe you start to look at that as like, that's no longer good.

[00:34:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** ROII don't need that marketing anymore. Plenty
of great people want to come work here. And guess what? I also can, , flush out
some salaries. Oh, you worked and now you got up to that salary. Great. Well,
guess what? I can, if I need this again, I'll just go hire someone for less
right now because there's a hundred people, a thousand people who will take it.

[00:34:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:34:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:34:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, it sucks, but I think we're at an
inflection point where you pretty much aren't gonna get rich anymore you're very
lucky.

[00:34:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, I mean, not just by like taking a
job and getting options and it blows up, right? Because

[00:34:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** hiring is easier. So compensation [00:35:00]
gets easier. So giving people who aren't in a founding team options is no longer
on the table. So, yeah, all those things have completely changed. It's just
become more of a regular job, let's just be honest.

[00:35:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** So if you liked it, it's still, you know, a good
job. Still fun. There's nothing wrong with that. When you lose the job, it's a
lot harder to jump in between, but maybe it eventually will flush out folks who
are interested in it. I don't know. But I do think that, uh, one thing that
Guillermo said, which now that that's already aired and whatever else, , about,
it's an interesting perspective to take because everybody's like, oh no, the sky
is falling.

[00:35:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** The sky is falling. You know, this isn't a great
career path, but maybe that flushes out people who aren't passionate. And I've
always felt like that's maybe necessary. Like if you're chasing a lifestyle,
this isn't for you. , But like on some level, even with ai, like I just think I.
It's gonna change. I don't think the way that we work today is the way we're
gonna [00:36:00] work in five years.

[00:36:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do I think we're not gonna work? I don't
necessarily think that. I just think that like the way we work is definitely
gonna change. Maybe in 10 or 20 years it'll be greatly different, but I do think
that's gonna shift. So him saying we need like 50, a hundred percent more maybe?

[00:36:19] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I think it's like everything has always been
like, it may have been in that same episode. I've listened to all of them now,
so I did them all in like, you know, a row. I don't really remember what
happened where, but I think it was probably there where we were talking about
like, or you guys were talking about. PHP is fine, but then like Laravel is much
better.

[00:36:38] **Robbie Wagner:** it's the same sort of thing. Like if AI is just a
meta meta framework on top of coding, you have to learn how to code that. , And
I think that's gonna be the thing is like you're either telling machines how to
do it working on how you prompt. Those are the two like coding paths going
forward. Right now doing machine [00:37:00] learning coding is like million
dollar, $10 million, like insane salaries. There's like a hundred people that
actually can do it well and like they make whatever they want wherever they
want.

[00:37:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** For sure.

[00:37:11] **Robbie Wagner:** So like that if you're looking for something to
make a ton of money and that sounds interesting, do that now.

[00:37:17] **Robbie Wagner:** But like yeah, I think it's gonna be much more
about, Getting outcomes. Like if, if you're not someone that can do the machine
learning programming, then it's gonna be what outcomes can I get the quickest
through prompting? How do I learn how to do that the best? you're gonna be the
one programming the things that we all use to do everything else. and I think

[00:37:35] **Robbie Wagner:** both are actually valid. 'cause it's like, like
the classic where you're, um, like a car dealership. You can either sell like
Maseratis and sell less, but for a higher amount. Or you can be like, I sell
Honda Civics and I sell a hundred a day. And like I just, you know, it's a
volume thing. So if you're prompting, you just, it's a volume thing.

[00:37:54] **Robbie Wagner:** I wanna build shit really fast. If you're building
the thing that accepts the prompts, you just like [00:38:00] make that really
good for, you know, that one case and get a huge paycheck from that one thing.

[00:38:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I think there's some, I think there's some
outliers around that. I think cybersecurity is gonna be pretty viable for a
while. I think like, Because AI can't currently cannot, like, learn on its own.
I.

[00:38:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:38:18] **Robbie Wagner:** not gonna know about new vulnerabilities and how
to fix them. So there will be a lot of that still.

[00:38:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** And there's a lot of humans and there's a lot of
humans that will use other AI to sort of find the holes, and that'll be their,
their job is like developing those patterns. So I think that's a viable one for
a while.

[00:38:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:38:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** AI doesn't care about accessibility. I think
there's a lot of like edge case ar areas, like, 'cause humans still consume, and
so there's an,

[00:38:46] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause they've got the new, uh, open AI device.
Did you see that?

[00:38:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it looks like, , I mean a bunch of these
AI like loneliness devices, it's kind of, it's kind of sad to me. Like
[00:39:00] I don't want an on-demand robot.

[00:39:01] **Robbie Wagner:** about how it actually works. Right. They have,

[00:39:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. Just what it looks like.

[00:39:05] **Robbie Wagner:** So like it could be very similar to those other
ones that were kind of vaporware. I don't know,

[00:39:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:39:12] **Robbie Wagner:** it will be better. I don't know. We'll see.

[00:39:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't think it's vaporware. I definitely think
it's a thing, , because they have a bunch of money so they can develop a product
that does something, you know? , And they're well beyond startup and then they
made it look cool with Johnny. Ive, so, I mean, there's, there's some legit case
there, so there's Yeah, exactly.

[00:39:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh,

[00:39:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, we'd like to hire your consultancy for $6.5
billion to build one little device.

[00:39:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. With like, it's just metal with a
little.in the middle. You made it so simple and beautiful is what they feel.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a real niche. I don't know, hard to say in a world where I like
wanna scale back in how much I engage with, technology to a degree. Like, right.
Like, I just want, I want to touch grass, I want to.

[00:39:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** You [00:40:00] know, sea water, and I don't
wanna, I just look around me and folks are just constantly staring at their
phones

[00:40:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I do hate that.

[00:40:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** and I, I'm not even judging as to why, right?
Like, I could be reading a book, that's a legitimate reason. I could be reading
an email that's very important. I could be, you know, having a conversation with
a loved one, or I could be on Twitter scrolling or whatever other things.

[00:40:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know, all of those are potentially true. I
just hate it though. Like, nobody just kind of like observes around them.

[00:40:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I think my problem though, with this whole
idea of we're just gonna not have phones and we'll have this thing that we just
kind of talk to

[00:40:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:40:41] **Robbie Wagner:** like. There's a lot of trust there. yes, it will
work for a while, but what happens 10 years from now, I don't have any sort of
screen where I can like look stuff up, verify anything.

[00:40:51] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm just trusting this thing that talks to me. All
the information it says is, you know, taken as true. Anything it does is just
expected to work. Will that [00:41:00] always work? Probably not. I think it
will degrade over time.

[00:41:03] **Robbie Wagner:** so like, while it will be cool to be like, I don't
need to take my phone out to be like, yo, I want a pizza delivered here.

[00:41:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** sure.

[00:41:09] **Robbie Wagner:** is very cool. I think it, like, can have a lot of
cool, , things that can happen, but I, I'm not sold on the whole, like, humans
aren't gonna touch anything with input to do anything like that Doesn't seem,

[00:41:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. You've, you've gotta trust that the
inputs get the desired outputs at every, every time. I don't know. Yeah. Maybe
it'll confirm with you, kind of like Siri does now, when you're like sending a
message through CarPlay, it's like, you said blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah. Send it, and you say yes or no, and you're like, no, you fucking
misunderstood me again.

[00:41:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ah. Series is just the worst. But anyway, it's a
bad example in that sense.

[00:41:49] **Robbie Wagner:** , Anyway, we talked a lot about this. Let's, let's
talk about something else. so life things. I

[00:41:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh gosh. I don't, I don't wanna talk about life.
Okay. We can talk about your life.

[00:41:59] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, [00:42:00] they are. Um, I think finally now
understanding that nighttime is not daytime, which is great.

[00:42:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm just gonna say you look a little tired.

[00:42:12] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, no, I've, we've been getting better and
better. Like big problem at first was like, they were waking up like every hour
wanting to eat several, like several times in a row,

[00:42:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ooh.

[00:42:23] **Robbie Wagner:** , 'Cause they weren't eating enough. They would
like, drink a half an ounce of milk and be like, you know what, I'm good. Like
that's, I'm full for now. I just want a little snack.

[00:42:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Gonna go back to sleep for an hour. And then like,
so we've been trying to like, you know, work on, if they say they're hungry,
give 'em a pacifier for a while, let them get really hungry,

[00:42:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:42:41] **Robbie Wagner:** them the three ounces they're supposed to have,
then they can sleep for like three or four hours. We've been

[00:42:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, yeah.

[00:42:45] **Robbie Wagner:** trying to get that and that's, that's been working
decently, but it's harder with two

[00:42:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:42:51] **Robbie Wagner:** do that and then one accidentally has too much
milk, throws it all up and then they're hungry like an hour later.

[00:42:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah,

[00:42:57] **Robbie Wagner:** so we're, we're working through it, but we've got,
[00:43:00] like, I've gotten a couple, like five or six hours of sleep nights,
which have been pretty nice. 'cause it was

[00:43:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:43:06] **Robbie Wagner:** hours in the beginning. So we're, we're trending
better. of that's going okay. But yeah, twins, twins are a different thing.

[00:43:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. Yeah, they're, they're different but the
same apparently. I don't know.

[00:43:17] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, we still don't know how to tell them apart,
so we have like little, little anklets for them with their initials. And then,
uh, we painted one of them's toenails so that like if the anklets fell off, we
would know

[00:43:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** you still got an indicator. Yeah. That's good
because I would panic about that. Yeah. You're like, shit. And then if you
forget one day and then you just never know and somehow or another through like
I, I don't even know how you would eventually discover which was which.

[00:43:44] **Robbie Wagner:** were telling me about, I don't know if this was
someone they knew or something I saw on TV or where this came from. I just kind
of heard the story, like walking through the room. But they said someone had
twins, they had, uh, like cloth diapers where you had to have like a,

[00:43:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:43:58] **Robbie Wagner:** through it.

[00:43:59] **Robbie Wagner:** And they were [00:44:00] using different color
paper clips to know who was who. And then like they took them somewhere and they
like took those off and put disposable diapers on them. So they had no idea who
was who. , And they just guessed. And then like years down the line, they used
their like footprints from birth and like were able to

[00:44:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:44:18] **Robbie Wagner:** got it correct.

[00:44:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:44:20] **Robbie Wagner:** it's so crazy. Like, 'cause you can't, you, they
have social security numbers and are real people now. You can't mix them up.
Right. Like,

[00:44:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. Right. Yeah. Like at a certain point that
becomes problematic. Like if they're in fourth grade and all of a sudden like,
well, we gotta shift all the, uh, grades. , Like Yeah. Because they didn't
perform the same. And so we have to shift all the their. Mm-hmm.

[00:44:41] **Robbie Wagner:** though, 'cause my dad was saying

[00:44:42] **Robbie Wagner:** his brothers are twins, identical twins. So they
would go to school and they would, uh, be like, all right, today you're gonna go
to all the history classes. So that one would just stay in history class all
day. And they would think it was the other one coming in for their class. And
then they caught onto that [00:45:00] because they would like wear, , the same
clothes. And they were like, you guys are probably switching 'cause you're
wearing the same clothes. So they would like, wear different clothes, go to the
bathroom and like switch

[00:45:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it's crazy. Yeah.

[00:45:11] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. So like, they were smart about it and I I
there's gonna be so much mischief and bullshit that that happens,

[00:45:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, for sure, for sure. Encouraged, I think.
Yeah. That's pretty funny.

[00:45:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:45:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right.

[00:45:24] **Robbie Wagner:** we're doing pretty well. , Caitlin made up a
schedule today of like. All the feedings and things we need to do. So to get it,
like the more you're on a schedule, the more you can get like 15 minutes of
sleep here or there, or free time or whatever. So

[00:45:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. 'cause you're not back at work yet,
right?

[00:45:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm back, uh, June 9th, so,

[00:45:42] **Robbie Wagner:** got like a week, I guess from now, a week.

[00:45:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Week or

[00:45:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:45:46] **Robbie Wagner:** in a couple days.

[00:45:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That seems just about right. I

[00:45:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And I have four more weeks that I can take
whenever, so I just like, if you know, shit hits the fan, I'll be like, I'm
taking them now.

[00:45:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. Or you can space [00:46:00] out
like a week here. A week there. Yeah.

[00:46:02] **Robbie Wagner:** The plan is to take them later in the summer when
, there isn't as much help here and like, know, we just need more of a, a break.

[00:46:10] **Robbie Wagner:** , I also don't wanna take that much time off work
in a row. I feel like people forget who you are and like that you can do things.

[00:46:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. You did kind of just start also not
long ago.

[00:46:20] **Robbie Wagner:** gave them the option. I was like, you know, if I
start now, I'm gonna be out soon. Or I could start after the fact. Like I could
just take my paternity leave at Amazon and then like, start after that.

[00:46:32] **Robbie Wagner:** , But they were like, start now. Here you go.
Let's do it. It's like, all right, so that's fine. Whatever you guys want. I

[00:46:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. They wanna, they wanna lock you in, so
that's good. I think there's a lot of positive signs there. They were like, just
grow the beard back. Don't, don't shave that anymore. That's what they said.
That we can't have a beardless Robbie.

[00:46:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Except for Caitlyn doesn't like when it gets, ,
really long, so.

[00:46:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, but you're not trying to make any more
kids, so you can do whatever you want now.

[00:46:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:47:00] Well, I mean Yeah. But still I, I have
to live with her.

[00:47:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, there is that. You know, I only give this
advice from this side of the screen, so Yeah. And I have no ramifications of my
actions. I'm also the same person who like grew a mustache for a weekend trip
with my friends, and then immediately shaped it off as soon as I got home. So I
feel you.

[00:47:23] **Robbie Wagner:** to often do the mustache. I did do one for a, a
bachelor party 'cause we all did the mustache and it was hilarious. But,

[00:47:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. That's funny.

[00:47:33] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah, we, like, we walked past a, where
were, we were in Savannah and like, I guess it's a popular bachelor bachelorette
kind of place. We passed like a group of bachelorette party and they were like,
wait, do you guys all have porn STEs on purpose?

[00:47:48] **Robbie Wagner:** We were like, sure do.

[00:47:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, absolutely. And then, and then it came
into favor. Like right now, I don't think people would even look twice.

[00:47:56] **Robbie Wagner:** It has come back. But at that time it was not, not
that [00:48:00] cool. Yeah.

[00:48:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was not in that. Yeah.

[00:48:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. So you have this, well, actually two
things I wanna make sure we cover before we, whatever. One is, you were saying,
you've removed the prompter from, your setup. , So tell us a little about that.
'cause I also have it, I'm not using it today because various reasons I have to
test pack 500 times and that's a lot of bullshit problems, but.

[00:48:25] **Robbie Wagner:** it's cumbersome and I have to like, move all my
shit around. And I think, like also my camera is still not super working with
the, like, focus settings. Maybe it's the hat. Maybe it's the microphone. It
doesn't always focus on my face. I thought it was being worse through the, like,
lens of the prompter thing was maybe the part of the problem.

[00:48:43] **Robbie Wagner:** but then also just having to move everything. And
like, I, I like to sit down, turn everything on, and like record.

[00:48:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Go. Yeah,

[00:48:51] **Robbie Wagner:** that's a little bit less perfect, I'm not looking
at you. Whatever, fuck it. I don't have that many followers. Like, I don't care.
Like if, [00:49:00] if everyone hates that and if there's anyone that did really
love the eye contact, please let me know.

[00:49:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Comment on

[00:49:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:49:05] **Robbie Wagner:** You can comment there, you know, hit me up on
Twitter, whatever. But I don't think anyone cares that much. The people that
watch the video probably aren't like, where are your eyes going? And they don't
really care.

[00:49:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:49:16] **Robbie Wagner:** seems like an extra piece that I don't need. And
so I got rid of it.

[00:49:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. And, and here we are.

[00:49:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And now I can also see you and me and like
have my full screen in front of me instead of this little thing that I had to
make 30% brightness so that it wouldn't like halo my face.

[00:49:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, just a myriad of issues and that will just
go into storage. 'cause Robbie never sells anything.

[00:49:39] **Robbie Wagner:** I've sold stuff. I've been using Facebook
marketplace a lot more since Caitlin bought and sold a ton of stuff like for the
babies.

[00:49:45] **Robbie Wagner:** so I was like, that seemed kind of easy and I did
did it a few times. I've kind of lost steam on it, but

[00:49:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Oh, I've been ramping mine up because we
have things to sell that are not going overseas. Yeah.

[00:49:58] **Robbie Wagner:** you.

[00:49:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, when you [00:50:00] look at the cost to
move things overseas per cubic meter and then the cost to replace them, , most
of the time it's just kind of not worth it. And there's certain, like
sentimental things and we want like the kids to feel like it's home.

[00:50:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Also. So, you know, you take your pictures, you
take the clothes, you take like toys and stuff, which you could probably replace
for much cheaper. Yeah. Like sentimental value stuff, but like, , yeah. So yes
and no. I am definitely not taking things, but I also like being very minimalist
and I know we've like gone through waves of scaling up and down and playing with
tech and looking into the camera and all that kind of stuff, which is cool.

[00:50:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'll never sell this mic 'cause the mic works.
It's good. It's the best mic We got the best mics. We got the greatest mics.
Yeah.

[00:50:49] **Robbie Wagner:** know a lot about a lot, but we do know this is the
best mic you can have.

[00:50:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is the best mic. Yeah. Wes and Scott, like
they, you know, they set us, on the right path right away. [00:51:00] He doesn't
even have this one. Oh, well fuck that guy. Um,

[00:51:03] **Robbie Wagner:** sound so a, what's up? It's me, Wes.

[00:51:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** what's up? It's me, Wes boss. Have you seen my
crazy hair from 20 years ago? No. Um. It was hilarious, so I'm glad you picked
up on that. , Yeah, so, you know, messing around, dialing in the right
equipment, all that kind of stuff.

[00:51:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** seeing what the mobile setup is, I still don't
have it where I can like reliably set up anywhere in 30 minutes or less. And
that is kind of a goal of mine.

[00:51:29] **Robbie Wagner:** you should ditch the prompter too. It's not that
helpful unless you really love it. This is one more thing to set up,

[00:51:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I don't, I, I don't know if I'd use the
term love. I did like it, I thought it was like nice to be like this and be
like, Hey, I'm talking to you. But we also don't necessarily have that kind of
show format all the time, and especially when we have a guest, it's like, I'm
not talking to you, I'm talking to the guest and nobody do.

[00:51:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** So as long as I eat the mic, you're happy.

[00:51:54] **Robbie Wagner:** feel like you want something like, uh, Adam had at
React Miami last year [00:52:00] where it was like the giant. Metal cage, it had
like a

[00:52:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yeah.

[00:52:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Like you wanna be able to just

[00:52:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Kind of, yeah,

[00:52:08] **Robbie Wagner:** table

[00:52:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** kind of. Yeah,

[00:52:10] **Robbie Wagner:** your face. The camera's there. Maybe you add like
flip around screen for the camera to see

[00:52:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're right.

[00:52:16] **Robbie Wagner:** like maybe you can hook that in to like be a
teleprompter kind of thing.

[00:52:20] **Robbie Wagner:** To see

[00:52:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:52:21] **Robbie Wagner:** or whatever.

[00:52:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** That might be good.

[00:52:23] **Robbie Wagner:** set a thing on the table, you plug in one cord and
like you're ready.

[00:52:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Amazing. Yeah, that would be amazing. Even if I
plugged in two cords, I think I'd be good with that. Yeah.

[00:52:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Because it is

[00:52:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** But yeah.

[00:52:35] **Robbie Wagner:** board. That is one of the things, I guess you have
the little streamer thing, which also same, same software inside, so

[00:52:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So I have the Road Caster Duo, which is
just a two person smaller one. And then, yeah, the road caster, streamer X is
really nice 'cause it has the capture card built in. So,

[00:52:55] **Robbie Wagner:** go in the little cage thing

[00:52:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** yep.

[00:52:58] **Robbie Wagner:** the table and you could have it all

[00:52:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** I.

[00:52:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:53:00] together. Yeah, you'll have to
experiment.

[00:53:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so what you're saying is we better find a
way to make some money so I can buy a few more things in the next month. Oops. I
really meant to add those sponsor, , the sponsor checkout. Well, you know, maybe
this week.

[00:53:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, do it. Do it in windsurf and uh,

[00:53:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, just vibe it. Yeah, just vibe that shit,
bro.

[00:53:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:53:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** So my second question was actually gonna be, ,
not equipment based, but about like, okay, you have this time that you're not
always sure when you're gonna get to sleep or when you're gonna be awake and all
of that.

[00:53:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** And so it inevitably ends up being like, pick up
a video game or watch a show or something else. So do you have any new things
that you've been watching or playing?

[00:53:44] **Robbie Wagner:** yes, it's, it's slightly on the embarrassing side
probably, but, uh, I, I have been Did you hear the show? Uh, 13 Reasons why that
came out? Like,

[00:53:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:53:55] **Robbie Wagner:** don't know, five or six

[00:53:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I watch that. I watch, yeah, I watch it.

[00:53:59] **Robbie Wagner:** which [00:54:00] like were, you know, a good show.
I've been watching season three and four, which are

[00:54:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, wow.

[00:54:05] **Robbie Wagner:** more, um, drama.

[00:54:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, it feels entirely like a thing a high
schooler would watch to like,

[00:54:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:54:14] **Robbie Wagner:** know, be like, look at this high school drama. So
I, I feel like it's a little trashy, a little like, you know, it's maybe similar
to watching something on Bravo or whatever, but like I've been enjoying it.

[00:54:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:54:25] **Robbie Wagner:** I've been watching that.

[00:54:26] **Robbie Wagner:** , But yeah, the HBO thing, Caitlin wants to watch,
uh, white Lotus the new season.

[00:54:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yes. Yep. That's why we got it for a month.
So I just pick, I used to get it free with at and t, but since I am Ryan
Reynolds biggest fan, uh, second biggest fan, sorry, I'm sitting with the
biggest fan and, uh, uh, I got Mint Mobile because the price difference is
insane. Like you could literally pay for HBO Max or whatever it's called now for
a whole year and your bill and like save 50%.

[00:54:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's ridiculous. Yeah.

[00:54:57] **Robbie Wagner:** it all, like every single cell service runs
[00:55:00] on the same stuff now, so it's like, it doesn't matter. The only
thing that matters is like, is it worth paying three or four times your bill to,
at the times when it's congested, you get a little priority.

[00:55:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:55:12] **Robbie Wagner:** not.

[00:55:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Not really.

[00:55:13] **Robbie Wagner:** use wifi or whatever.

[00:55:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, it doesn't matter.

[00:55:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. 90% of the time it like, kind of doesn't
matter, so yeah. , So we picked it up for the white Lotus.

[00:55:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. But yeah, I, I want to, I wanna watch that.
Um, that's gonna be our, our thing we're gonna start doing. We put fin down for
bed and then we're gonna. Throw our headphones on so you can use 'em with the, ,
the Apple tv

[00:55:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:55:35] **Robbie Wagner:** like let the, the twins sleep and whatever, and we
can watch that.

[00:55:40] **Robbie Wagner:** so we're gonna watch that. And then I need to uh,
well not finish, but start the new season of, uh, last of us.

[00:55:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, yeah. I started it and, and then like
our month was coming up and we were like, ah, I don't know if this is an extend
right now, we're gonna kind of wait it out. It was, it was [00:56:00] still
releasing,

[00:56:00] **Robbie Wagner:** mid-season.

[00:56:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** not even mid, we went like two episodes and we
were like. We'll see. We'll gonna, we're gonna come back.

[00:56:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** We're gonna come back. But like, we let that go.
And then we saw something about how, I had no idea that, uh, Handmaid's Tale
had, well, it, they were like talking about the new season. Yeah. Right. And so
we were like two seasons behind. So we decided, okay, let's,

[00:56:25] **Robbie Wagner:** one

[00:56:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh,

[00:56:27] **Robbie Wagner:** because we started season two, like we, Caitlyn
and I watched episode one of season two, and then, I don't know,

[00:56:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:56:33] **Robbie Wagner:** and we

[00:56:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:56:34] **Robbie Wagner:** and then once you start watching things as a
couple, I'm like, can I, can I watch it some more? And she's like, well, no.

[00:56:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can't. Yeah.

[00:56:42] **Robbie Wagner:** I think now, year, years later, I think she's
like, I don't fucking care about that show.

[00:56:46] **Robbie Wagner:** You can watch it now. So I think I'm gonna start
watching that again too.

[00:56:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah. I, I'd say it's good like season
three really picks it up pretty well and gets good. I think four was decent. I
don't know. It feels like it was like 12 years ago, but [00:57:00] maybe not.
And then, so we jumped into five.

[00:57:02] **Robbie Wagner:** been like years between seasons because

[00:57:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** For sure, for sure. And season five is just
like, I don't know, like how many episodes do I need to watch you be kind of
insane.

[00:57:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** so jury's out there, but like we're only on like
episode three, so.

[00:57:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, my mom has been watching it and likes it a
lot, so

[00:57:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:57:23] **Robbie Wagner:** every show that exists. So I, I don't know if
that's much of

[00:57:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's, it's hard being a retired.

[00:57:29] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, it is. It is. But she, she can tell you
every show that's on and, and everything that's happening in all of them,

[00:57:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, maybe we should have her on.

[00:57:38] **Robbie Wagner:** or

[00:57:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:57:38] **Robbie Wagner:** medical,

[00:57:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:57:40] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, you know,

[00:57:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** The pit.

[00:57:42] **Robbie Wagner:** pd, Chicago,

[00:57:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** there, uh, yeah,

[00:57:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know.

[00:57:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's the shit my mom work watches too. All the
NCIS and all that. I know you like some of those or whatever. I.

[00:57:54] **Robbie Wagner:** watched NCIS for, I don't know, the first 10
seasons,[00:58:00]

[00:58:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** 400 seasons.

[00:58:02] **Robbie Wagner:** but now the newer one, like doesn't have Gibbs
anymore, I think, and

[00:58:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know who that is, so.

[00:58:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Mark Har. Mark Harmon. Is that his name or

[00:58:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. Okay.

[00:58:11] **Robbie Wagner:** show? I don't know.

[00:58:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mark Harmon was on the show at one point, so I
know I've seen his face. Yeah,

[00:58:17] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, and, and so yeah, he was on there and like,
I guess he's been gone for 10 seasons or more now, and it's like,

[00:58:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay.

[00:58:26] **Robbie Wagner:** point? Like just, know. I do, the only thing that
I continue to watch and will never stop is SVU. I've watched every episode of
SVU, like 26 years old now or whatever. gonna watch it till they stop making it.
I'm invested. I can't stop.

[00:58:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. We can't stop. Won't stop.

[00:58:45] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. We are certainly over time now.
Anything we missed that you wanna cover?

[00:58:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, we gotta save something for next time.

[00:58:52] **Robbie Wagner:** We do, yeah. Next time. Let me think now. The, our
guest that was supposed to be this week is not next time. It's the time
[00:59:00] after,

[00:59:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's, uh, June 11th. June 11th. We have a guest
next.

[00:59:04] **Robbie Wagner:** will be here by then. We'll see.

[00:59:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Looks like it's, looks like it's dialed in, but
hey, want to be a guest on Whiskey web and whatnot? Well send us whiskey. That's
a good way to start that process.

[00:59:16] **Robbie Wagner:** us and we will set it up.

[00:59:17] **Robbie Wagner:** All right.

[00:59:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Woo hoo.

[00:59:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Peace.

[00:59:20] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
