[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey everybody. Welcome to Whiskey Web and whatnot.
I'm not gonna explain who we are because you just heard about it in the intro
that was prerecorded. But we have some guests today, some special guests,
Kendall Mc, beauty Face, and Rishi.

[00:00:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, I guess this is the part where you tell us a
little about yourself and what you do in whichever order you [00:01:00] like.

[00:01:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes.

[00:01:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes.

[00:01:01] **Kendall Miller:** And Rishi first, age before beauty.

[00:01:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:01:04] **Rishi Malik:** Sounds good though. I do feel like I, uh, I dropped
the ball in the name game here. You all have great names. I just have my own
name.

[00:01:11] **Rishi Malik:** I am Ruhi Malik, uh, one and a half of Friday
deployment spirits, uh, with Kendall here. Uh, during the day I run software
engineering teams around the world for a payments company, , you probably
haven't heard of, but you use their stuff almost every day.

[00:01:26] **Rishi Malik:** Uh, In the spare time, create gin, create whiskey,
uh, and sell it to people who are in the tech space. And like the idea of a good
tech joke,

[00:01:35] **Kendall Miller:** And I feel like I should fill in that the, the
company that he's not naming is called Verifone. Are you not allowed to name the
company?

[00:01:43] **Rishi Malik:** no, I'm allowed allowed

[00:01:44] **Kendall Miller:** to name the company? It's a, it's a big company
and like, it's a major payments processor and, uh, yeah. I feel like that's
important. Also, I'm very insecure that on the camera, uh, this piece of my
mustache has light coming in and it looks like I have something coming out of
[00:02:00] my nose and it's a little, I'm uncomfortable, but it's just the way
the light's hitting it.

[00:02:04] **Kendall Miller:** So I guess this is me now for the whole

[00:02:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. You

[00:02:07] **Kendall Miller:** Um, hi

[00:02:07] **Kendall Miller:** everybody. Yeah, A little mustache. Get one that
lights up this side so it's even.

[00:02:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yep.

[00:02:14] **Kendall Miller:** in from this way.

[00:02:14] **Kendall Miller:** My name is Kendall Mcbe Face. Uh, I come from a
long line of Mcbe faces. , Mostly born in the Pacific Northwest. None of that's
true.

[00:02:24] **Kendall Miller:** , Let's see. My name is Kendall. it's complicated
what I do. I'm an independent consultant, primarily working with, , software
startups. You know, highly technical founder, builds a highly technical product,
doesn't know how to turn that into a business. That's who hires me. So I, I have
my hands in a lot of different things.

[00:02:38] **Kendall Miller:** And I'm the other half of Friday deployment
spirits with Rishi. , I also run a global network of CTOs called CTO Lunches. I
also run a advisory group for a, for startups called Grow Big Advisors. And I
just announced yesterday, I'm starting a company in the MCP security space for
AI companies called maybe Don't ai, because sometimes you wanna say to the ai,
maybe don't do that.[00:03:00]

[00:03:00] **Kendall Miller:** Uh, so yeah.

[00:03:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Definitely get into that more later, but
let's get into what we're all here for.

[00:03:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** I see. Yes.

[00:03:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Today we're having the Friday
deployment. Generative a r ha ha. I see what you did there. Uh,

[00:03:18] **Kendall Miller:** It's pretty good though,

[00:03:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. No, it's

[00:03:19] **Kendall Miller:** laughed. You, you're fake laughing now. But it
was good the first time you

[00:03:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I like the

[00:03:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I thought it was

[00:03:24] **Robbie Wagner:** clever. I thought the subtext is good too. Take a
sip. Every time someone mentions ai and that is a losing winning game. Uh,
'cause it's all so frequently. okay.

[00:03:34] **Kendall Miller:** Where's, wait, when you say losing, which, how,
how, how do you

[00:03:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** because you're gonna get hammered because people
say it every four seconds.

[00:03:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:03:41] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah, but when do you get to the part about how
you're gonna lose? Because

[00:03:45] **Kendall Miller:** getting,

[00:03:45] **Rishi Malik:** like winning.

[00:03:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** you Right, right. You're winning until you

[00:03:49] **Robbie Wagner:** your, your, liver is

[00:03:50] **Robbie Wagner:** losing

[00:03:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:03:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:03:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** My

[00:03:51] **Kendall Miller:** liver's losing. Okay. So, okay. That's, that's
different. But you can't really vibe code unless you're quite inebriated.

[00:03:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's the [00:04:00] bomber peak though, right?
You can't do an the

[00:04:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** bomber

[00:04:02] **Kendall Miller:** No, that's what AI has, has stretched that It's a
balmer plateau for at least a while.

[00:04:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** there you

[00:04:09] **Kendall Miller:** People don't talk about that enough. AI has
dramatically changed things.

[00:04:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. I think that's another good one to put a
pin in. This is 90 proof. The mash bill is 51% rye and a healthy dose of barley
and millet, which, you know, if you wanna fill in those, , those amounts, you
can, if not, no biggie. I don't know. It's non age stated, so I don't know. I
mean, it's a minimum of two years with a rye, so I'm not sure if you guys know.

[00:04:33] **Kendall Miller:** it is a straight rye. so by definition, I think
that's four years, right?

[00:04:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** sure. There you go. And, uh, you almost said,
you almost, no, you almost said Kentucky, I thought. And I was like, it's not
Kentucky Straight Rye, but it is Colorado and that's cool. Let's pour it up.
Glove, glove, glove.

[00:04:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** All

[00:04:50] **Robbie Wagner:** It smells like graham crackers to me.

[00:04:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, there you go.

[00:04:54] **Kendall Miller:** And it's hot enough here. My ice cube is already
completely melted.

[00:04:59] **Kendall Miller:** That's [00:05:00] sad. Where? is here?

[00:05:01] **Kendall Miller:** Uh, I'm in Denver.

[00:05:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. Well there you go. You're down the
street from where it's distilled. Maybe you mix the mash. I don't know.

[00:05:08] **Kendall Miller:** I don't wanna brag, but I didn't mix the mash.

[00:05:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Fair enough. I feel like, uh, this is one
of those things, the power of suggestion, because Robbie has said Graham
cracker, and now I'm kind of, I'm really

[00:05:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** getting

[00:05:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it also tastes a little bit like graham
crackers too. Usually I don't get both the same smell and taste, but I'm getting
some of that on both.

[00:05:28] **Kendall Miller:** I like how much the rye comes through and how
smooth. It's like, it's, it's, there's a lot of rise that bite you with the rye
and, , I mean, maybe your experience is different, but, but one of the things I
like about it is how smooth that rye is. You taste the pepperiness, but it
doesn't taste like, , you were kicked in the nuts.

[00:05:48] **Kendall Miller:** It tastes like you were given a hug.

[00:05:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that old whiskey hug, I like that.
Definitely. Getting the spice on the finish.

[00:05:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:05:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Some of that like, um, sweet brown sugar
[00:06:00] initially. And I almost have like a slight note of like, um, amarna
cherry, I don't know, like a little bit of that, like a light hint of it.

[00:06:08] **Rishi Malik:** There's definitely a little sweetness to it for
sure. Uh, that I feel like most rides don't have.

[00:06:14] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm getting like a little happiness too.

[00:06:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** hmm.

[00:06:17] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know why, but

[00:06:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** of some on the finish. Yeah. Happiness. , You
guys didn't hop this up. You, you're not wolves. You're not wolves. Have you
ever had that one Wolves and they'll like hop some of the whiskeys and they have
some Yeah, there's some weird ones. Kind of.

[00:06:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Not a big Wolves fan. I like their branding,
but I don't like their product

[00:06:36] **Robbie Wagner:** very much.

[00:06:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think there's private labeling from someone
else and just doing like some weird finishes. , Yeah, the labeling's pretty
cool,

[00:06:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** but, uh, mixed reviews on, on my feeling. I'm
not a beer, big beer person though. And they, they tend to have a lot of like
beer essences. So like stouts.

[00:06:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** They had a stout whiskey too. I don't know. I
think it was like finished in Stout Barrels.

[00:06:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** You take it for what you will, I mean, here's
the [00:07:00] things.

[00:07:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Are we gonna have them rate

[00:07:02] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I think so. I think you should tell us about
the rating system, Chuck. 'cause I'm unfamiliar.

[00:07:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** this. Yeah. You may have forgotten. It's been a
couple of weeks.

[00:07:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** , So we have a highly stringent rating system
and is zero to eight tentacles.

[00:07:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Since we are tech people, we start with a zero
index, zero being horrible. Spit it out, throw it away. Four is middle of the
road, not great, not bad. And eight is amazing. Clear the shelves. I will never
drink anything else. And that might be going a little far, but you know, like
it's a favorite in the category for you.

[00:07:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** It.

[00:07:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I think Rishi should go first.

[00:07:42] **Rishi Malik:** So to be clear, I'm, I'm

[00:07:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Your own thing. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna see how
biased you may, you may or may not be in this, like maybe you really like it,
but there's something else, like somebody else's thing that you like you love,
that's your number one. It. Maybe you're pushing towards that direction. I don't
[00:08:00] know. You can also say eight.

[00:08:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Fuck 'em all. It's up to you.

[00:08:03] **Rishi Malik:** mean, I, I always go with Fuck 'em all. It's a, it's
a good place to be. I do believe in honesty and transparency. , For a ride. This
is my favorite rye. , So I, I give it, I give it an eight, solid eight right
there.

[00:08:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. What's your second favorite? How about
that? Give it a little context.

[00:08:19] **Rishi Malik:** a second favorite rye. Um, if I, if I go with what
I've drank the most, Rittenhouse is rye is probably up there. , Angels envy rye
up there. but this is one that like, it, it's just an easy repeat for me. You
know, like when I'm like, oh, do I want to drink straight? It is right there.
Uh, it mixes well. yeah.

[00:08:39] **Rishi Malik:** All, all the others, like, I like, but I, I don't
necessarily like jump at just getting those. This one I do. and again, I am, I'm
biased, but

[00:08:45] **Rishi Malik:** I.

[00:08:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's okay. That's

[00:08:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** fair.

[00:08:47] **Rishi Malik:** I'm happy that the, the way the product has turned
out for

[00:08:49] **Rishi Malik:** sure.

[00:08:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:08:50] **Kendall Miller:** I don't mix my, my liquors, my wife does. Um, but
I basically only drink liquor straight, , because I, I. Just like that better
than anything [00:09:00] mixed. But, uh,

[00:09:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Even gin. Even gin, you just like straight sip

[00:09:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** gin.

[00:09:04] **Kendall Miller:** love, I love the subtext in that question.

[00:09:08] **Kendall Miller:** Hell yes. Straight gin is, is literally my
favorite thing in the world.

[00:09:13] **Kendall Miller:** If there was nothing but gin the rest of my life,
I would be happy. And that's, I'm gonna give it a seven because the only thing
that out does this is our gin, in my opinion. I

[00:09:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Whoa.

[00:09:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:09:22] **Kendall Miller:** is really, really fantastic. I like them both.
And when I'm drinking whiskey, this is pretty dang high up there. So, uh, but I
would drink gin over even this because I like, I like our gin more.

[00:09:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Same question for you. If you can't
pick your own, what are your favorite gins and whiskeys?

[00:09:41] **Kendall Miller:** man, I'm like the, the, the wrong guy to be a
connoisseur. I'll tell you what I drink and I, and I'll get there in just a sec.
I'm a pipe smoker and so I know that I have the taste buds to try lots of
different things and appreciate them for their different qualities. And at any
given time, I have open about 50 different pipe tobaccos.

[00:09:59] **Kendall Miller:** But the way that I drink [00:10:00] liquor is I
buy one, sometimes three bottles, I drink them all and then I buy more bottles.
So I don't do a lot of side by side tastings. I'm gonna be upfront about that.
when it comes to other whiskeys, man, what do I really like? I mean, if there
was, if there was no other whiskey besides this in the world and I had to drink
La Freud the rest of my life.

[00:10:21] **Kendall Miller:** , Or if this whiskey didn't exist and I had to
drink La Freud the rest of my life, I'd be fine with that. I mean, I, I like the
Highland, or the Alay scotches, , not Highland Alay, right? I, correct me if I
got that wrong. Um,

[00:10:32] **Kendall Miller:** but then, uh, what, what have I been drinking
recently? I mean, I'm a fan of, , a lot of the things Weller does.

[00:10:39] **Kendall Miller:** so here's my problem. There's not a lot of liquor
I don't like

[00:10:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. No. Doesn't sound like a problem to me.

[00:10:46] **Kendall Miller:** Right?

[00:10:46] **Robbie Wagner:** show you something that you wouldn't like.

[00:10:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah.

[00:10:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:10:50] **Kendall Miller:** I believe

[00:10:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Have you had my Lord?

[00:10:53] **Kendall Miller:** Oh, I've had Malor. Oh, I've had Malor. Uh, I
lived in China a long time, drank a lot of Bi Joe. Uh,

[00:10:59] **Kendall Miller:** and there's some, [00:11:00] there's some bad bi
Joes. One of the things that I like about this a lot is I feel like since we've
been in this game, the distilled from grain, like, rather than the companies
that are buying a base liquor from someplace in

[00:11:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** MGP or something? Yeah.

[00:11:15] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah.

[00:11:15] **Kendall Miller:** And then, and then distilling it once more,
throwing it in a barrel themselves. Like,

[00:11:19] **Kendall Miller:** I can really tell a difference, in that since,
since we've been there, and I'm not saying I can always pick it up in the
flavor. I feel like there's a lot of times where I can, one of the ways that I
pick it up is I actually get a.

[00:11:30] **Kendall Miller:** , A physical reaction. I will sometimes get a
rash, like eczema is triggered by alcohol that I drink, and I think it's
triggered by ones with a bad base, alcohol. And, uh, you know, if you have to,
if you had to distill it nine times before you got to what you wanted, like what
did you start with? I have so many questions, right?

[00:11:49] **Kendall Miller:** That's one of the things that I really like about
this is as a person who reacts to some liquors, this one I don't react to. And
I, I think it's the cleanliness of, you know, it's actually [00:12:00] distilled
from grain,

[00:12:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's an excellent point because I have that
problem sometimes and it's very random, you know, where I'll just turn red and
have like a rash here a little bit. And it's happened with some wines and it's
happened with some liquors and it's pretty arbitrary.

[00:12:15] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah, I mean, I can tie it to a number of
different things. The dryness, how much I've worked out, you know, if I have
other things that are gonna trigger eczema, that's more likely to cause it. But
the cheaper the alcohol, the more likely, uh, and it, I don't necessarily mean
in price. There's some cheap, cheap alcohols price wise that are pretty
fantastic and

[00:12:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, for sure.

[00:12:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:12:33] **Kendall Miller:** what were you gonna say? Rishi

[00:12:35] **Rishi Malik:** well, you know, it's the tagline for our next bottle
won't give you a rash. I mean,

[00:12:39] **Rishi Malik:** to start.

[00:12:40] **Kendall Miller:** it doesn't feel quite as tech focused as
generative a rye,

[00:12:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:12:45] **Kendall Miller:** like a fall away from the theme. But you know
what, Rishi, if you wanna chance it, we're

[00:12:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** you do.

[00:12:50] **Kendall Miller:** I will disagree and commit.

[00:12:52] **Rishi Malik:** At some point we have to expand our tam, so you
know,

[00:12:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** right?

[00:12:55] **Kendall Miller:** That's

[00:12:56] **Rishi Malik:** have to do it.

[00:12:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh man. Uh, I don't think we settled on a
[00:13:00] rating. Did you give it an eight also?

[00:13:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Your

[00:13:02] **Kendall Miller:** gave it a seven. I said, I said, but the, but not
because there's a whiskey I like better, , because there's a gin I like better.

[00:13:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, there's no, there's no rules. That's all
right. Alright, Robert.

[00:13:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Isn't that

[00:13:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Outback's

[00:13:14] **Kendall Miller:** if I also said

[00:13:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** No rules, just right.

[00:13:16] **Kendall Miller:** is suddenly unimportant. So, sorry. Go ahead,
Robbie. What was that?

[00:13:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh no, I was being stupid. But um, yeah, so I can
rate it. , This, in terms of rise to me, Sagamore is still my favorite rye, but
this is actually probably second or third. I don't know what the other one of
the top three would be, but uh, yeah, it's somewhere up there pretty good. , I'm
gonna say 6.758.

[00:13:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh wow. you

[00:13:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** go.

[00:13:42] **Rishi Malik:** significant digits.

[00:13:43] **Rishi Malik:** Wow.

[00:13:43] **Kendall Miller:** didn't, yeah, we thought this was an integer
only, but

[00:13:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, you didn't know. No, no.

[00:13:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:13:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** this is like, this is uh, this is like, uh, what
was that old show?

[00:13:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** A

[00:13:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** star

[00:13:53] **Kendall Miller:** there's no rules, I would've thrown in an array.
Guys

[00:13:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. There you go. Which index of the n

[00:13:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:14:00] ray? Yeah.

[00:14:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Are we doing signed integer or

[00:14:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh boy. Uh, big in, no, we're only doing big
end. Um,

[00:14:07] **Kendall Miller:** My array was gonna just be JSON values to be
clear.

[00:14:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay, perfect. That's, uh, the most rest thing
you could have said. Uh,

[00:14:17] **Kendall Miller:** Restful.

[00:14:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yes. Yes. Although Jason isn't rest, and
that's a whole other argument. You gotta

[00:14:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Jason's always awake.

[00:14:25] **Kendall Miller:** you, you call it Jason. I love that you call it
Jason. Do you pronounce

[00:14:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Jsan.

[00:14:30] **Kendall Miller:** Jeff? Because GIF is pronounced Jeff. If you
pronounce it Jason, if you're gonna give it a human name,

[00:14:38] **Kendall Miller:** call it a Jeff.

[00:14:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a gif. This is not peanut butter. It's not
a peanut butter. Alright. See, I have conflicting opinions on all kinds of

[00:14:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** things.

[00:14:47] **Kendall Miller:** not saying Jiff, I'm saying Jeff.

[00:14:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. No, Jeff, no, Jeff, no gif. No gif.
Although Jeff would be kind of funny. Anyway, all right. Well now I'm rating
this a three. You, pushed [00:15:00] it

[00:15:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** down. This is all

[00:15:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** bullshit.

[00:15:02] **Kendall Miller:** you get a word in.

[00:15:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. They're like, we're gonna jump on and,
and talk and, uh, listen, I, I, maybe you should be the host. Actually, I'm
looking for replacements. What do you think? Mcbe face?

[00:15:14] **Kendall Miller:** Do I get, do I get whiskey every week? How often
do we record? Because, um, yes,

[00:15:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** you go. Yeah. I mean, you do. You just have to
pay for it. I have to pay for it. I mean, what's the difference, right.

[00:15:25] **Kendall Miller:** I shipped you this bottle for

[00:15:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know. I know. And I love you for it. And
actually,

[00:15:29] **Kendall Miller:** and so you're gonna bunch it, bump it from a
three to at least

[00:15:32] **Kendall Miller:** a

[00:15:32] **Kendall Miller:** four.

[00:15:33] **Rishi Malik:** say, and we've noted this before, the.

[00:15:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. This is a, this episode is sponsored
by Friday deployment spirits. Um, and so, alright.

[00:15:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, but this is a little more like the top gear
in England and not the top gear here, so we get to be honest. Of course. ,
Alright, so lemme try to come back to it. Yes. I think this is a tasty rye. I
think that it has a bit of [00:16:00] the grain in it, but not in a way that
sound, that's too bitter. And so I do enjoy that.

[00:16:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm actually kind of with Robbie Sagamore is our
favorite rye. , We fanboy it all the time and they do not sponsor this podcast.
But, um,

[00:16:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh,

[00:16:14] **Kendall Miller:** you a bottle. I didn't pay you to make a podcast.
I gotta, I feel like we gotta be clear here, Charles, the third shit,

[00:16:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes.

[00:16:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh

[00:16:22] **Kendall Miller:** I allowed to say that on the podcast?

[00:16:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:16:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you can say whatever you

[00:16:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** drinking po. Well, unless, unless you're
Guillermo Rausch, and then I cannot call you out. But anyway, that's a whole
other thing.

[00:16:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** , Alright, so coming back to that, yes. I think,
uh, it has a real, , clean, slightly sweet, which is different than rise that
will punch you in the face with the spice. And I'm getting a little of the
grain, but not in a way that makes it feel too bitter and like young. , And
that, you know, that slight sweet like kind of cherry digging that, , I'm
feeling like it could be in my top three for sure.

[00:16:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I like, I prefer straight too, especially a rye.
Like, , outside of like trying to [00:17:00] make, I make a Manhattan with a
very shitty rye on

[00:17:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Would you like to give it a number?

[00:17:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I'm around.

[00:17:07] **Robbie Wagner:** a lot of

[00:17:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know, I'm around the, I'm trying to like talk
myself through it,

[00:17:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** so

[00:17:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. All right. Sorry. Interrupted your process.

[00:17:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** 7.03,

[00:17:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** there it is.

[00:17:16] **Kendall Miller:** Okay, so I, so, so here's my one challenge, and
you don't have to do this on the show. I am suspicious that I've been a big
enough of a pain in the ass that it has affected your ranking. And so I want you
to try this, , alongside of your favorite rye. What, what was it? I, I haven't
had that one. I I

[00:17:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sagamore rye, and I like the barrel select
version. So you get barrel proof.

[00:17:36] **Kendall Miller:** okay. So try them side by side and I'm curious
your opinion. Just send me an email afterwards. 'cause I'm curious what you
think actually side by side, because my, my impression is there's an emotional
attachment to the Sagamore. And I'm not saying we'll be better. I, I don't know
if we will be, but I would love to know if you try them side by side how much
that that stands

[00:17:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well you're gonna have a hard time with, let me,
let me say this. So the Sagamore rye, they're normal, 90 proof. [00:18:00] It's
like 40 bucks and your product is quite a bit more expensive. And

[00:18:07] **Kendall Miller:** So you like the value?

[00:18:09] **Kendall Miller:** No, I'm just, I

[00:18:10] **Kendall Miller:** just, No, I

[00:18:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I

[00:18:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Price. Price

[00:18:11] **Kendall Miller:** we rating on flavor?

[00:18:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I wanna be agnostic to that. But I've, I've
definitely had rise in your price point that I thought were dog shit.

[00:18:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I don't have a problem saying that. And, but
I do think that like the, the harder you're punching for me to even get in the
door, I think that like you need to bring it pretty seriously. And so that, you
know, but I'm giving you the, the sense of like, you mentioned, uh, not Weller,
sorry, I was thinking will it, there's some, will it rise and Will It Rise has
been pushing, pushing, pushing their price point up and I don't think, I think
it's good, but I think it's, when it was $35, I was super impressed with

[00:18:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** it.

[00:18:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's overrated now.

[00:18:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** range, I'm like, I don't know. At midwinter
night, str that's in your price point. And again, their early acts were pretty
good. Their later [00:19:00] acts are feel rushed and just not worth it. So I'm
gonna like, give you points against like those, which I think are like. Very
recognizable to whiskey drinkers.

[00:19:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** And people probably like, have had it at
different points and really loved it, but I just think they're like more recent
releases. You're sort of, yeah, you're getting the money, you're grabbing the
bag on your name, but you're not delivering the way you were. So I'll say that.
Sagamore, if you can find it, has a thing called the Manhattan Finish.

[00:19:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's one of the best whiskeys I've ever had. I
gotta say this is, that's

[00:19:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** an

[00:19:33] **Kendall Miller:** my eyes open for Sagamore. This is, this is

[00:19:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So their Sagamore barrel is good. Their
sagamore, , so what they did is, instead of just like finishing, like just
dumping it in something or trying to like barrel age of Manhattan, they split
the distillate into three and they put one in,

[00:19:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh,

[00:19:52] **Robbie Wagner:** eight.

[00:19:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** into eight.

[00:19:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is just three different flavors. No.

[00:19:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I know, but it was weighted differently. It was
like four or five in,

[00:19:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, [00:20:00] yeah. Yeah. I, the, the, yeah,
like the, it's not evenly

[00:20:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** set.

[00:20:03] **Robbie Wagner:** sorry. Continue.

[00:20:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** one in sweet vermouth. They aged one in a, uh,
I'm gonna lose the plot here a little bit. I'm trying to

[00:20:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** think

[00:20:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Uh, bitters.

[00:20:14] **Rishi Malik:** does.

[00:20:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Right. That wouldn't help you at all? ,
No. No. Uh, bidders, they were aged. One in a bidders, like a, um, one in a
bidders, one in a sweet vermouth and one in something else, and then recombined
them to evoke the flavors of a Manhattan. Anyway, it, I thought it was super
clever. It is incredibly delicious.

[00:20:35] **Kendall Miller:** Rishi, can we take notes that we need evoke to be
included in our process

[00:20:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. There we

[00:20:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:20:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** You need evoking of something. Uh,

[00:20:45] **Kendall Miller:** We're busy vibe distilling over here

[00:20:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. Like just to open up a chat GPT
window and just start vibing through it. I'm sure it'll be totally

[00:20:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. To make it technical, you could invoke,
evoke

[00:20:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah. All right. [00:21:00] So

[00:21:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** anyway.

[00:21:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** a little over seven. Thank you. I enjoy it.

[00:21:07] **Kendall Miller:** Good. You, you cut out for just a second for

[00:21:11] **Kendall Miller:** me,

[00:21:11] **Rishi Malik:** tears. Yeah.

[00:21:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, no, I was, I, I think I was just being
quiet, like an

[00:21:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** awkward, quiet moment. I wanna bring that into
it. I know it's so rare for Robbie for me to, to be quiet, but we gotta move on
from just whiskey parts. We gotta pretend like we know something about the
internet. So,

[00:21:26] **Robbie Wagner:** That is true.

[00:21:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we wanna talk about hot takes

[00:21:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Uh, these are slightly different than the
usual hot takes.

[00:21:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** you guys are, uh, desk nerds and you're not
coding nerds anymore, so we can't throw those hardballs at you.

[00:21:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Is H-T-M-L-A programming language.

[00:21:43] **Rishi Malik:** a hot dog a sandwich or me?

[00:21:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. I think it is because a hot dog is the
same thing. When you just have the sausage itself or in bread, how do you
differentiate? It's a hot dog sandwich, a hamburger [00:22:00] sandwich. I don't
know, but I think a hot dog is a sandwich.

[00:22:04] **Kendall Miller:** Man, I'm gonna say

[00:22:07] **Kendall Miller:** not as HTML isn't as much of a programming
language as yaml. I said it and I stand by it.

[00:22:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** There's no array and there are arrays in yaml,
so that's the thing. HTML doesn't have an array. That's a good,

[00:22:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay.

[00:22:20] **Robbie Wagner:** you know what is the most programming language?

[00:22:24] **Robbie Wagner:** CSS,

[00:22:25] **Kendall Miller:** besides zeros and one CSS

[00:22:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:22:29] **Robbie Wagner:** really is. They have a ton of like math

[00:22:31] **Robbie Wagner:** stuff and CSS now.

[00:22:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's, I don't know. It depends on how you
define programming language, because if you're giving computers instructions, if
it's that like simple it is via the browser.

[00:22:44] **Rishi Malik:** I think HTML probably is a programming language, but
it really shouldn't be. And I think that's more of just where HML itself is
gone, where XML is gone and just like the. the sheer amount of weird things that
you can do in it, where you can basically make it be a [00:23:00] programming
language, but you just, you just shouldn't.

[00:23:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** push, pushing the boundaries. I could see that.

[00:23:06] **Kendall Miller:** I think so. Let's, there's a lot of ways to
define a programming language, right? Is it, Turing-complete there's a lot of
places we can go, but, I think one of the definitions is, does it tell a
computer what to do? And then on a sliding scale, how painful is it to use? And
by those definitions, I think CSS might be the most programming language after
binary.

[00:23:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. There you go.

[00:23:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:23:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** mean,

[00:23:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** one of those components though is objective and
the other is a little more subjective. So I don't know. And then that's why, uh,
it depends. Ends up being the answer to everything.

[00:23:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, maybe some people like

[00:23:43] **Kendall Miller:** This isn't this section called Hot Takes. Not
not, it depends. 'cause if it's at the, it depends section. I'd like to revisit
my answer.

[00:23:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no, no. You gotta stick to a side. And
that's the hot take part of it. Now here's the, here's a hot take 'cause I saw
otherwise whiskey. Is it spelled with an E or no?

[00:23:59] **Rishi Malik:** Depends what side of [00:24:00] the pond you're on.

[00:24:00] **Kendall Miller:** I always spell it with an e.

[00:24:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's, you know why, because we won a
fucking war years ago to tell them it belongs with an EI know. You're, you are
the, you're the impetus for this question. Just so you know. I saw in an email,
no, e and I was like, okay. He's, he has an opinion.

[00:24:19] **Rishi Malik:** I do. Whatever I spell it or however I spell it is
the right

[00:24:22] **Rishi Malik:** way.

[00:24:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Depending on how many keystrokes you have
available at the moment.

[00:24:28] **Kendall Miller:** You don't have an auto complete on whiskey mine's
just w slash

[00:24:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nice. That's true. That's a pro move. I have an
auto complete on the Shrug askie thing though.

[00:24:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, you have to have

[00:24:40] **Kendall Miller:** You make an auto complete for the things that you
spend your time doing and thinking about Charles and as a person who hosts a
shrugging podcast, that makes sense.

[00:24:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. This is me. It depends.

[00:24:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay. Let's see. I, [00:25:00] I, I feel like
every episode of this podcast has to just get just way more quality as we
continue to

[00:25:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's the intent, right? You must enter duress,
right? You must enter duress in order to have fun. 'cause most tech podcasts are
boring shit. Let's be honest. They don't have a repeat nature. It's like, I
wanna see the same guest on four things and say the same shit over and over
again. No,

[00:25:23] **CTA:** this just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:25:56] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Uh, bourbon or rye?

[00:25:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** you [00:26:00] made a r, but

[00:26:01] **Rishi Malik:** It's like that's like choosing a favorite child. I
mean, is that possible? Iben. I like rye. I like scotches. I like

[00:26:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Japanese, Irish, French.

[00:26:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Never French. Is there a

[00:26:14] **Robbie Wagner:** good French

[00:26:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** There is, yes.

[00:26:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** That, uh, Brent, you have, you've had Brent
Whiskey.

[00:26:20] **Robbie Wagner:** That

[00:26:20] **Robbie Wagner:** one was okay.

[00:26:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** just saying there are some good ones.

[00:26:24] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it was kind of scotch style, right? Like
a,

[00:26:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's, it's,

[00:26:28] **Robbie Wagner:** I gotta try it again then.

[00:26:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. It has a sweetness to it a little bit. So.

[00:26:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. gonna go rye. I have to go rye.

[00:26:35] **Kendall Miller:** Can I go rye? Yeah. I think, I think if I've only
had bourbons lately, that's when bourbons hit. But like in life, rye is better.
Rye is the, the better choice

[00:26:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Interesting. I'm from Kentucky, so I might feel
different, but Yeah.

[00:26:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Do you though?

[00:26:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I I'm wrong all the time. I assure you
I've got a career built on wrong.

[00:26:55] **Kendall Miller:** I'm wrong.

[00:26:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Uh, the opposite must be right. I don't
know that whole George [00:27:00] Costanza Seinfeld thing where it's like every
instinct I've ever had has been wrong, so the opposite must be right. Yeah. Few
of us has seen that one. , Okay. Yeah, it is great.

[00:27:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is deploying on a Friday, really that bad,

[00:27:18] **Kendall Miller:** No. That's why you have, that's why you have
liquor to celebrate it.

[00:27:22] **Kendall Miller:** wait, we, we, you wanna talk about this one? We
can talk for a minute.

[00:27:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Let's talk.

[00:27:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:27:27] **Kendall Miller:** So if you're gonna deploy on a

[00:27:28] **Kendall Miller:** Friday, there's a couple ways to do it. One,
you're celebrating that you finally shipped something, let's, let's open a
bottle of gin or, or whiskey, right?

[00:27:37] **Kendall Miller:** , Two, it's a total shit show 'cause your team
made some mistakes or. It's really, really fucking fun because we're about to
cause the on-call team, a whole bunch of pain for any of these situations. I
don't see why you wouldn't have a drink as long as you're celebrating it. I
think it's fine. Rishi, add add to that?

[00:27:58] **Kendall Miller:** I, you've gotta have thoughts [00:28:00] on this.

[00:28:00] **Rishi Malik:** I mean, I think your, your summation is, is
accurate. It is, you know, a tool in your arsenal, right? You need to be able to
deploy, you need to be able to ship. And the best way to do that is, either
celebrating or being at least mildly drunk and giving your, you know, some
plausible deniability for that shit show that goes on.

[00:28:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:28:21] **Rishi Malik:** Uh, you know,

[00:28:23] **Rishi Malik:** I was drinking, you know, they're not gonna love you
for it, but people will understand that

[00:28:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Although it's interesting, uh, we're,
we're in know like a generational divide to a degree on alcohol. It's not as in
favor as it has been in the past. And, uh, modern generations are drinking less
and kind of looking down upon it even in many

[00:28:44] **Kendall Miller:** So well finish the thought.

[00:28:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, that's kind of the gist of it is like
what do you do when you have a team that, that would include younger folk that
will not also imbibe or jump on the,

[00:28:57] **Kendall Miller:** So it's the same thing that you do with a younger
[00:29:00] team who is probably wearing briefs. Like

[00:29:03] **Kendall Miller:** there

[00:29:03] **Rishi Malik:** replace em with ai.

[00:29:05] **Kendall Miller:** You, you replace them with ai. Like Yeah. You
don't correct the behavior, you just stop interacting with

[00:29:11] **Kendall Miller:** them.

[00:29:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. It's a cultural thing. Uh, they weren't a
cultural fit. We all booze

[00:29:16] **Kendall Miller:** weren't a cultural fit. Oh gosh. Uh, legally I
would like HR

[00:29:22] **Rishi Malik:** legit to say.

[00:29:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just wanna say to any of my, uh, current
teammates who probably don't listen to this. 'cause I suggest that you don't,
uh, it doesn't mean I'm gonna fire you. It's

[00:29:35] **Kendall Miller:** It doesn't mean I'm gonna fire you, but if you're
wearing briefs and you're not drinking alcohol,

[00:29:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** You might be out. I don't want to verify point A
on that one. I'll know

[00:29:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** point

[00:29:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:29:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm gonna trust you on point A. I'm not sure.
Well, wait a minute.

[00:29:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're advocating for boxer briefs or no briefs
whatsoever? Just boxers altogether.

[00:29:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:29:56] **Kendall Miller:** I don't, I don't know why there has to be an
answer or anything. Or you [00:30:00] know,

[00:30:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's obvious to

[00:30:01] **Kendall Miller:** just, there's just a wrong answer.

[00:30:03] **Kendall Miller:** I,

[00:30:05] **Rishi Malik:** is, the claim that younger people wear briefs?
'cause I'm, I'm lost as to the actual tie in to young people

[00:30:09] **Kendall Miller:** uh, that's, that's, it's my understanding that
young people are swinging back towards briefs. They're, they're not having sex,
they're not drinking, they're wearing briefs. And, uh,

[00:30:18] **Kendall Miller:** you

[00:30:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** They like socks too. They

[00:30:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** like knee socks.

[00:30:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Tall

[00:30:21] **Kendall Miller:** revolutions come from, right? Like, we'll, we'll
get the sixties again in the next generation.

[00:30:26] **Kendall Miller:** It's, it's gotta come around. I always wondered
how you, how you end up with this like, super reactive generation. Well, it's,
we've made enough life choices correctly that our children are looking at us and
choosing a more conservative path.

[00:30:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Although I've seen Mad Men and they drink
like a motherfucker. All

[00:30:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** day

[00:30:44] **Robbie Wagner:** the good

[00:30:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** martinis for lunch. So I don't know. Where was
the tto? The TTO generation was in the twenties with prohibition, which gave us
income tax. So it was all a mistake.

[00:30:57] **Kendall Miller:** I mean.[00:31:00]

[00:31:01] **Rishi Malik:** There's so many ways I could take this and I just
don't even

[00:31:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Pick one. It

[00:31:04] **Kendall Miller:** Uh, well

[00:31:06] **Kendall Miller:** if

[00:31:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** There are no consequences.

[00:31:09] **Kendall Miller:** I'm trying to tie it back to CSS and to just
classify this conversation,

[00:31:13] **Kendall Miller:** but

[00:31:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** So just use tailwind, is that what you're
saying? Just use tailwind.

[00:31:17] **Kendall Miller:** maybe,

[00:31:17] **Kendall Miller:** maybe might be all there is to. It

[00:31:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** This was all about deploying on a Friday and not
relating to folks, , who can't dull the effects potentially with you.

[00:31:29] **Kendall Miller:** sounds accurate. I mean, okay, so wait, so wait.
We gotta, we have to finish that pitch. Deploy on a Friday.

[00:31:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, I agree with

[00:31:37] **Kendall Miller:** to drink and celebrate it. Also, when you keep
somebody up all weekend, 'cause you did some stupid shit. Buy 'em a bottle of
Friday deployment spirits. I didn't come on here to make a hard sales pitch, but
now that you've given me opportunity with a quiet lull for a moment, I mean,
that's really where it fits, is like, you know,

[00:31:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Use code, whiskey, web and whatnot for 10%

[00:31:54] **Kendall Miller:** gin. That's right. Did you guys, uh, did you guys
get a gin? Did we ship you a gin or just

[00:31:59] **Kendall Miller:** whiskey? [00:32:00]

[00:32:00] **Kendall Miller:** just

[00:32:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do you wanna ship me a gin? I'll drink

[00:32:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** it.

[00:32:02] **Kendall Miller:** Do you, will you drink gin?

[00:32:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** I love gin. Uh, but I will say that a Negroni is
my favorite cocktail of

[00:32:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** all

[00:32:09] **Kendall Miller:** That's because it is the best cocktail of all.
Have you had a last word?

[00:32:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. I love the last word. It's my second
favorite.

[00:32:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes.

[00:32:16] **Kendall Miller:** the last word yeah. Is, is up there

[00:32:18] **Kendall Miller:** for

[00:32:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** And then the last ward, the last ward is made
with whiskey.

[00:32:24] **Kendall Miller:** Oh, I didn't know that.

[00:32:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh. And a bolivar is a negroni made with
whiskey.

[00:32:30] **Rishi Malik:** What

[00:32:30] **Kendall Miller:** do know, uh, I, I pronounce it boulevardier

[00:32:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, well, your fancy

[00:32:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** face.

[00:32:35] **Kendall Miller:** I'm getting it wrong.

[00:32:36] **Kendall Miller:** I'm

[00:32:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, you're just a

[00:32:37] **Kendall Miller:** Mick. Beauty face.

[00:32:38] **Kendall Miller:** Beauty

[00:32:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, you are a, like, your career is like
tech advising. My career is tech making, so I'm gonna trust you on this one. You
know, it's all a ruse possibly, but it's, I'm going with

[00:32:54] **Kendall Miller:** that's right. That's right. So, wait, I wanna
know about the glasses. Y'all are both drinking from [00:33:00] Robbie, you just
held yours

[00:33:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I'm not, I'm not drinking, but I do have
that. The norland

[00:33:04] **Robbie Wagner:** is sponsored by norland glass norland glass.com.

[00:33:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** now, we bill them. Do you see how this goes? We
just bully people.

[00:33:11] **Robbie Wagner:** This episode is sponsored by. Oh wallow water
bottles. We'll bill you later too.

[00:33:17] **Kendall Miller:** and Charles, are you drinking from a plastic cup?

[00:33:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** I am, so, I'm at a coworking space currently. My
life is very transient lately. So where I'm at and what's happening. Is often
changing. like I have been recording from home, home office, but my children are
on summer break and my house is chaos, so I must escape.

[00:33:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And I'm just in a cave.

[00:33:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:33:42] **Kendall Miller:** Just to the

[00:33:43] **Kendall Miller:** cave.

[00:33:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** So Robbie lives in a literal castle and there
are secret tunnels in the, and he is in the cellar out in the secret tunnels.

[00:33:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's, yeah, it's a little crazy, but it's true.

[00:33:56] **Robbie Wagner:** it's all of that is false, but this room used to
be painted [00:34:00] white and I painted it like off black is what they call
it. And it is very dark in

[00:34:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it helps. It helps with your alabaster
skin. That's not even lights, that's just him in the room.

[00:34:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. There's no light on my face.

[00:34:14] **Kendall Miller:** There's no light on my

[00:34:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no light whatsoever. I live in the desert,
so I can't help but like get sun all the time. I'm inside and the sun is so
strong. It's actually giving me a sunburn right now.

[00:34:27] **Kendall Miller:** okay, wait. First of all, Charles, you're still
in the coworking space and you're, and you're having a whiskey. how often do you
drink at work?

[00:34:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I mean, when we record for me, I'm on the
west coast or west. Yeah, I'm in the West coast,

[00:34:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh,

[00:34:42] **Kendall Miller:** So everybody's gone home, so like 10:00 AM

[00:34:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no, this is 2:00 AM and for him it's five
and yeah. So you're just one hour ahead of me. I'm in Arizona, so sometimes I'm
Pacific, sometimes I'm mountain. We are the wild west.

[00:34:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** We do not do daylight savings time. I, we don't,
[00:35:00] you know, we don't care. We carry guns around and drive the trucks
and run you over. So.

[00:35:06] **Kendall Miller:** therefore you drink every day at work.

[00:35:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I should, but uh, so

[00:35:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** well if you remove, I was gonna say if you
remove the at work, it would be an accurate statement. Yeah,

[00:35:17] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I'm just curious,
I'm curious how often you have deployed on a Friday and or made a bad decision
at work because alcohol was involved and or needed to celebrate it.

[00:35:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, I see. , Currently deploying on Fridays, but
that's mostly because our user base is a B2B product and nobody's using it over
the weekend. 'cause they don't have to, they're not on the clock. So you deploy
on Fridays and that's actually the best use case 'cause there's minimal people
accessing it. , That said,

[00:35:48] **Kendall Miller:** pouring some gin at maybe sacrilege on this, but
keep

[00:35:51] **Kendall Miller:** talking

[00:35:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** doesn't matter.

[00:35:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, and whiskey is the start and you'd go do
whatever you want, but also our rules are pretty

[00:35:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** loose.

[00:35:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** We just want you Yeah, that's true. [00:36:00]
Rum react and ramblings, we did that. that's the first time I've said that
correctly, by the way.

[00:36:05] **Kendall Miller:** rum, react and

[00:36:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice.

[00:36:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:36:08] **Robbie Wagner:** correctly during one of the episodes.

[00:36:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** multiple. Thanks for

[00:36:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** listening. Uh, do you

[00:36:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** try, listen and subscribe, but,

[00:36:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh,

[00:36:16] **Kendall Miller:** Tequila type script. And hell wait. We can do
more of these. what.

[00:36:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** and talking, I don't know. Yeah. You can
thematically like tweak it for any alcohol.

[00:36:28] **Kendall Miller:** not.

[00:36:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** The intent is that we take the wheels off so
people speak more openly and honestly. Yeah. Like rather than, oh, we, we have
our goal here and format and yeah, we're gonna follow that. But we have a very
loose format, so we don't care so much.

[00:36:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Because if you start talking about
something we find really interesting, let's,

[00:36:50] **Kendall Miller:** Well, what's the most interesting thing that we
could tell you? Because, um, I mean, what you really should be digging into is
what rishi's day-to-day life looks like. Because Rishi's leading a gigantic
[00:37:00] engineering organization that processes some huge percentage of all
of the payments that are

[00:37:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** And he ta Well, here's what I wanna know, is
that, do you take like a micro fraction of each transaction and send it to an
offshore bank account and you know, eventually you'll escape office space style.

[00:37:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, and then beat up a fax machine.

[00:37:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Start with that and then, yeah.

[00:37:24] **Rishi Malik:** mean, if I was, I, I don't know that I would admit
that here, uh, given where I

[00:37:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you're not saying

[00:37:34] **Rishi Malik:** you don't even need an extradition treaty 'cause
I'm, I'm here in the US so,

[00:37:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right?

[00:37:38] **Rishi Malik:** uh, if we do a podcast recording again and in like,
you know, the Cayman Islands or you know, Antigua or something,

[00:37:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Then you'll know why.

[00:37:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I like, I like how you know the escape path
though. You're like, currently, I can't admit to that in a couple of months
somewhere else.

[00:37:54] **Rishi Malik:** you gotta be prepared.

[00:37:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I like that.

[00:37:57] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm curious, with payment [00:38:00] processing
being a, like, you know, a big thing that really you can't get wrong. I'm
waiting for AI to take over to the point where like, like a bank is like, I'm
gonna vibe code like a bank website and then like, oopsie, all the money's gone.

[00:38:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, I don't know, I always wanna get your take
on like all of that and the impact of that.

[00:38:18] **Rishi Malik:** we kind of have a, a real life science project going
with that right now, which is just everything in crypto.

[00:38:26] **Rishi Malik:** and so like I, I think we can see the effects of
that where as backwards and as slow as kind of like old school finance companies
can be and big banks and all that other stuff. You know, with crypto, we just
see the, the exact opposite when it is just vibe coded, Hey, let's just get this
out and shipped, and who cares? And then the exchange goes down, your crypto's
gone and, somebody is driving a Lamborghini, but it's no longer you.

[00:38:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Never was you, but you thought it was 'cause

[00:38:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hodel.

[00:38:55] **Rishi Malik:** Yeah.

[00:38:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:38:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:38:56] **Rishi Malik:** no, no, no. Not to say that there's not like a lot
of, uh, [00:39:00] sorry, can I, I interrupt you right at the perfect point.
Like,

[00:39:05] **Kendall Miller:** Keep going. Finish

[00:39:06] **Kendall Miller:** your

[00:39:06] **Rishi Malik:** you know, not that there's not a lot of, uh, room
for improvement with, you know, AI and, and just like time to market and
everything like that for, for big finance companies. you know, it, it tends not
to be the, uh, the critical aspect for most other companies or most customers of
these, you know, large banks and such.

[00:39:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:39:24] **Kendall Miller:** I mean, uh, just today Stripe announced that they
acquired Privy, which is a Web3 wallet company. So, , yeah, you're seeing more
and more people play in that, you know, we, we joke about crypto. There's,
there's a startup here in, uh, Colorado that was trying to redo a CH, , using
Web3, , processes. And, uh, the last I heard there, I won't say their name
because I don't think they're very relevant anymore.

[00:39:51] **Kendall Miller:** That, or they just aren't relevant yet. I'm not
sure which. But, um, there's room for a lot of this to change, but I also think
there's a, there's reason for a lot of [00:40:00] people to be hesitant to
change it.

[00:40:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I think like the basis of Web3
technologies, like there's something there, but it's the Wild West and people
are taking advantage and lots of like highs and lows and everything in between.
But it doesn't mean like inherently the tool and technology is garbage. It just
means like the way it's been applied thus far has been one for, yeah, probably
garbage.

[00:40:24] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah. I mean there's, there's some real
applications for it, but I, I was talking to a, uh, VC about this today
actually, is that I think it's one of the hardest things, a actually most of us
have baggage around AI because Web3 was the revolution that came right before
it. And so we're all like, God, we've seen a hype cycle before.

[00:40:40] **Kendall Miller:** Y'all are full of shit. There's gonna be rug. But
like the weird thing about AI is how fast it's going, how fast we're seeing
results, how fast we're seeing things that do actually matter that do actually
change the way we're working. And how did Web3 change my life? Well, I have two
grand in a Coinbase account and some guy tried to call me last week and hack
[00:41:00] into it got pissed at me that I didn't fall for his phishing scam.

[00:41:02] **Kendall Miller:** And so he mail bombed me. That's been the effect
of Web3 on my life is unsubscribing from a lot of Eastern European newsletters
and I don't know the word in Bulgarian for newsletter to make a good filter in
Gmail for that. , But, uh, anyways, just saying that's the weird thing about it
is we do all have baggage from it.

[00:41:21] **Kendall Miller:** I think any of us that are in tech, because there
is great Web3 technologies, and I know a handful of companies that have built
some really interesting things in data stores, databases, , with Web3. But yeah,
I mean this, this hype cycle actually has some teeth to it, so it's a little
different. But there is some Web3 things that are gonna fundamentally change the
way that tech works, and particularly the finance industry.

[00:41:42] **Kendall Miller:** Right. Rishi, are we, are we wrong?

[00:41:44] **Rishi Malik:** I mean, I, I think there is going to be some of
that, , when you apply, you know, Web3, crypto, whatever you wanna call it,
blockchain, to, to finance the thing that's never been. Super clear across the
whole industry is who the customer is, right? Like what is the problem you're
solving with, with [00:42:00] ai, there's a variety of use cases or a bunch of
ways where at least you can see it, you know, doing a little bit better than,
than, as it, you know, improves.

[00:42:07] **Rishi Malik:** It does a lot better than be a vibe coding, be a
call center, be it, you know, voice recognition or, , you know, content
creation. I haven't really seen that on the Web3 side. It's, we do everything
regular money does, but worse.

[00:42:21] **Rishi Malik:** Uh, and that's just like not a compelling value prop
for anyone.

[00:42:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:42:25] **Kendall Miller:** I

[00:42:25] **Kendall Miller:** don't know, but we weren't, we just talking about
CSS, like we do everything you can already do in HTML, but I don't know about
worse, more painfully

[00:42:34] **Kendall Miller:** type Well, people do love pain that there's
something there. 'cause people love to like, Hey, I'm not gonna use a framework.
I'm gonna take React and like, build my entire framework from scratch and like
decide all the different services I'm gonna use, roll my own, like everything.
why don't you just use something that like has everything included already and
you could be done and you could work on your actual stuff that's different.

[00:42:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Like people like the pain, they like the
engineering hurdles, [00:43:00] which makes blockchain attractive.

[00:43:02] **Rishi Malik:** it, it's timing though, right? Like CSS did well,
because before you were shoving all your, display, you know, kind of concepts
into your HTML, right? So you're mixing layout and, and markup and design and
all that kind of stuff. And so CSS was kind of a, it wasn't great, but it was a
natural separation.

[00:43:21] **Rishi Malik:** it's like now how everyone's going back to server
side rendering, even with all these like, front end frameworks. And I'm, I'm
old, so I'm like, yeah, I remember doing this, you know, 20 years ago it was
JSP, it was a bunch of other stuff. Now we're coming back to it, but it's done a
little bit better because of that evolution.

[00:43:35] **Rishi Malik:** with blockchain, there's, you know, great data
structures, there's great aspects to it, but just replacing fiat currencies
isn't one of them. Anonymity. Great. That can, that can work to a large degree,
you know, the privacy aspects, the potentially lower cost of transaction can
work, but, you know, there's a, there's still no kind of like fundamental
improvement on me just having like a $20 bill and being able to hand that to
someone.[00:44:00]

[00:44:00] **Rishi Malik:** And so

[00:44:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** And get a hotdog.

[00:44:02] **Rishi Malik:** yeah.

[00:44:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Is

[00:44:04] **Robbie Wagner:** it

[00:44:04] **Robbie Wagner:** a

[00:44:04] **Robbie Wagner:** sandwich though?

[00:44:04] **Kendall Miller:** It is a very expensive hot dog.

[00:44:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's right.

[00:44:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, it's, yeah, inflation. New York City
hotdog 20 bucks now,

[00:44:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:44:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** they do not take Venmo.

[00:44:16] **Robbie Wagner:** cash app's fine though.

[00:44:18] **Rishi Malik:** See, so like one of the things that I think is super
interesting, and this is the payments nerd, you know, in me, is a lot of the
pain that we have in the US when it comes to payments is because of just the
historical aspects of it. you know, we had a bunch of banks back in the day when
there was no linkup of it.

[00:44:33] **Rishi Malik:** And that's where like visa started and that's where
like merchants and merchant acquiring and everything came together. It was
aggregation to make it all better and easier. and that was like the only way at
the time because this industry just flat out didn't exist. Credit cars didn't
exist, you know, and all that stuff hadn't been created yet.

[00:44:48] **Rishi Malik:** But then when you see what countries are doing now,
kind of coming into the game a little bit later, their structure is so much
better and cheaper. Like in Brazil you have picks and India you have UPI, these
are basically QR codes, [00:45:00] but you scan it, it's instant settlement and
it's cheaper than anything else.

[00:45:03] **Rishi Malik:** It's all just forced through the central bank. And
it's like when you think about payments, like you know, this decade, you're
like, oh yeah, of course that's what I would do. But for us it's harder in the
US for everyone else starting from scratch. It's, it's great. And it also to me
then makes the value prop of, you know, Web3 and blockchain even even worse.

[00:45:21] **Rishi Malik:** 'cause it turns out people like having currency go
through a central bank, the. Governmental stability is a feature, not a, not a
bug.

[00:45:29] **Kendall Miller:** Say more about governmental stability in this
mythical world.

[00:45:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:45:35] **Rishi Malik:** O. Other governments, it's still too raw, man. I
don't know.

[00:45:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** that, we actually trust or that we pretend to
trust. Um,

[00:45:44] **Robbie Wagner:** okay, so like, we talked to a lot of developers
and we talk about like, should you learn the basics before a framework like PHP
before Laravel or like, you know, JavaScript before React, et cetera.

[00:45:56] **Robbie Wagner:** , Applying that to whiskey. Do you think
[00:46:00] you should learn like all the different grains, all the, like
basically being a master distiller before you make product? Or should you just
like start and iterate?

[00:46:09] **Kendall Miller:** It the questions related to making whiskey or to

[00:46:13] **Kendall Miller:** consuming

[00:46:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. The

[00:46:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** making

[00:46:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, making definitely.

[00:46:17] **Kendall Miller:** Well, I have an answer to this, but Rishi, you
first.

[00:46:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** This is a theme. I've got an answer, but you
first on, on the

[00:46:25] **Kendall Miller:** I'm loud and obnoxious and talk a lot. So by
yielding first, I know that Rishi will get a word in. Otherwise, I will just
smother all of you.

[00:46:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, Robbie now has a technique. Perfect.

[00:46:39] **Rishi Malik:** interesting. So I, I think they're very similar,
which is, you don't necessarily have to do one before the other, but the more
you know, the better you're going to be at it. You know, I wouldn't say don't
ship code, you know, in Laravel, you know, 'cause you're gonna learn by doing
it, you know, and so you learn like how PHP works or [00:47:00] you know, how to
see implementation of what PHP is, is running on works or anything like that.

[00:47:04] **Rishi Malik:** But just kind of do, do it all ship. See what
breaks, learn why it's breaking. Learn why it's built the way it is. Same thing
with with whiskey. Like create something, it's gonna be terrible. Cool. Start
learning why the, the nuance begins to matter. It's kinda like sports. You know,
you don't say like, oh, I'm gonna like learn everything about running to, you
know, before I like start running and to get into it.

[00:47:28] **Rishi Malik:** You, you just go, you go run and you just get better
as you go.

[00:47:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think you find the thing that actually
inspires you to learn to go deeper, because I definitely learned jQuery before I
learned JavaScript fundamentals and what those APIs were. I think that applies
across many things, is sort of like you have to develop an interest and a
passion to go deeper. So

[00:47:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I think I, I, I follow you on that one.

[00:47:56] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah, I mean, I would just take that one step
further and say [00:48:00] in the same way that most people will make their
first true programming language yaml. People will make their first true liquor
bathtub mallor, and you have to get started somehow. So, you know, do what it
takes.

[00:48:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:48:19] **Rishi Malik:** I, would caution anyone who's gonna make bathtub
alert,

[00:48:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Don't drink that by the way. Just make it, don't
drink it, throw it out.

[00:48:27] **Rishi Malik:** yeah. Uh, you know, there, there are reasons.
There's all the legends of moonshiners going blind. Uh, you know, the chemistry
matters. So, maybe start with the drinking of it to know how it works, and then
get into the actual production in a, in a little bit more safer manner.

[00:48:45] **Kendall Miller:** I don't

[00:48:45] **Rishi Malik:** But PP just ship.

[00:48:46] **Kendall Miller:** if you're drinking Malort, is that safer than
bathtub Malort? I'm not sure like how

[00:48:52] **Kendall Miller:** much Malort does it take to go blind? It has to
be run

[00:48:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** They have to be a company that is like, , how do
we make something that [00:49:00] doesn't blind people, but is disgusting?

[00:49:03] **Kendall Miller:** well, no,

[00:49:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nailed it.

[00:49:03] **Kendall Miller:** on a

[00:49:04] **Kendall Miller:** second.

[00:49:04] **Rishi Malik:** that's my hot

[00:49:05] **Rishi Malik:** take.

[00:49:06] **Kendall Miller:** I think that, Jim Beam is to Friday deployment
whiskey. And there's gonna be some Jim Beam fans out there who are really
offended by this. The same thing that Mallor is to fette, I'm a huge Fornet fan.
I love Fette.

[00:49:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. F con coca. Do you like f con coca?

[00:49:27] **Kendall Miller:** Why would I mix it with something

[00:49:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because that is the number one drink in
Argentina.

[00:49:32] **Kendall Miller:** Oh,

[00:49:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** a very interesting exploration.

[00:49:35] **Kendall Miller:** I have not done that.

[00:49:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Side note.

[00:49:39] **Kendall Miller:** when I, when I drink Malore, all I taste is
really, really, really bad. For net

[00:49:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Win. You say win like this has happened
more than once in your life. You don't learn lessons.

[00:49:52] **Kendall Miller:** Mallor. Oh man. If you have any friends from
Chicago, you drink Mallor with some regularity. I didn't say enjoy. I didn't say
sip, [00:50:00] I said drink,

[00:50:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:50:03] **Kendall Miller:** but

[00:50:03] **Rishi Malik:** I don't, mind

[00:50:04] **Kendall Miller:** I've had more than once. You don't mind Mallor,

[00:50:07] **Kendall Miller:** Rishi,

[00:50:08] **Rishi Malik:** mallor, but my hot

[00:50:09] **Rishi Malik:** take

[00:50:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** You don't mind

[00:50:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** it. You're rating a shit now.

[00:50:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:50:13] **Rishi Malik:** De Jager are all at the same level.

[00:50:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, I would, I would rather drink. Okay.

[00:50:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mallor is the

[00:50:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** worst and then Fireball would be the next, and
then Jager

[00:50:23] **Kendall Miller:** Yeager's not good.

[00:50:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** see you, but you like Fett and you hate Yeager.
Jager is like the German version

[00:50:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** of

[00:50:32] **Kendall Miller:** hate Yeager is the shit version that the Germans
happen to

[00:50:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Right. Yeah. it's definitely worse than
Fett, but it, I feel like it's definitely better than Fireball. Fireball sounds
like I took a like. Fire extinguisher and mixed it with like cinnamon liqueur

[00:50:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** and

[00:50:52] **Robbie Wagner:** It's made of mostly like aldehyde and like shit
you don't want to drink if you look it up.

[00:50:59] **Robbie Wagner:** So, yeah, don't [00:51:00] drink that.

[00:51:01] **Rishi Malik:** No, it's true.

[00:51:02] **Kendall Miller:** my Lord, is really

[00:51:04] **Kendall Miller:** formaldehyde. Oh,

[00:51:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:51:08] **Robbie Wagner:** it's like a bunch of chemicals that you can't use
in other countries. So you can have it in America.

[00:51:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, of course. Me. You may From aldehyde.
You're innards.

[00:51:20] **Kendall Miller:** might

[00:51:21] **Kendall Miller:** kill

[00:51:21] **Robbie Wagner:** That's how Chuck stays so young

[00:51:22] **Robbie Wagner:** though.

[00:51:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. Yeah. I am 114 because I drink fireball.
Nobody knew that. It's a big secret. Now it's out. I'd say I'm a vampire, but
look at Robbie.

[00:51:37] **Kendall Miller:** did we answer all your questions, Robbie?

[00:51:39] **Robbie Wagner:** The one thing we didn't talk about was your, uh,
MCP, , security stuff. Do you wanna talk a little bit about

[00:51:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** How does MCP differ from an API, by the way,

[00:51:48] **Kendall Miller:** Oh, come on

[00:51:49] **Robbie Wagner:** are different.

[00:51:50] **Kendall Miller:** the letter. Yeah. The letters are different. No,
I mean, it's just, uh. How much do you wanna wind me up on this topic? , No,
it's

[00:51:56] **Kendall Miller:** just

[00:51:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I think my question should have answered that
for

[00:51:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** you. [00:52:00] I'm

[00:52:01] **Kendall Miller:** mean, I suspect that MCP is soap and rest is
coming. you know that there will be another

[00:52:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:52:07] **Kendall Miller:** It's just another definition for the same thing.

[00:52:09] **Kendall Miller:** When I got started with this, the idea came from
a conversation with a venture capitalist who was asking, what do you wish was in
your portfolio? And she said, MCP security. And I argued with her for about 10
minutes that MCP is a passing fad because the AI will not need a middleman layer
to access the things that it needs to access that, that we're going to get there
very, very quickly.

[00:52:31] **Kendall Miller:** what I came around to is that we're going to
enforce a middleman layer, you know, be that the server, be that the protocol,
whatever, because we're not gonna want the AI agents to run wild. Uh, so that's
my belief. and again, I've come around to that. I didn't start there. , Is MCP
necessary? I don't think it is.

[00:52:49] **Kendall Miller:** Is MCP gonna stick around for forever? I don't
think it is. Are agents going to continue to interact with the world with some
kind of manmade. Middle layer? Yes, I do believe so. [00:53:00] Uh, hopefully we
don't give that middle layer over to the AI to describe or we're in trouble.
But, anyways, so the short version is I'm building a product that, sits between
something calling an MCP server or an MCP server interacting with something, to
say is this a good idea or a bad idea?

[00:53:18] **Kendall Miller:** Did you ask to refactor a code base and take down
your production infrastructure somewhere else because it turned out it didn't
have access to the repo you thought it did and it had access to this. Did you, ,
you know, try to buy five shirts and you bought 500 shirts? Did you ask for a
Kubernetes cluster and get 50,000 of them?

[00:53:34] **Kendall Miller:** The hallucinations may not be common, but they
can be extremely costly when AI is interacting with the world.

[00:53:39] **Kendall Miller:** So

[00:53:39] **Kendall Miller:** I

[00:53:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's

[00:53:40] **Kendall Miller:** going to be

[00:53:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** caring about security early in the process
because I think Web3 did not do that.

[00:53:47] **Robbie Wagner:** But

[00:53:48] **Kendall Miller:** So anyways, that's what we're doing. And maybe
don't, it's not the same as Web3, but um, Web3 was immutable. You could mute it
and it would, you'd still produce volume.

[00:53:58] **Kendall Miller:** That

[00:53:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep. [00:54:00]

[00:54:00] **Kendall Miller:** of it.

[00:54:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** you could, you could, mute it with a JPEG and
then later not find that jpeg. So is that truly immutable?

[00:54:08] **Robbie Wagner:** What do you mean it's, it's still there? Are there

[00:54:12] **Robbie Wagner:** images that went off the blockchain?

[00:54:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, not the path, if they were only

[00:54:18] **Kendall Miller:** They were never on the

[00:54:19] **Kendall Miller:** blockchain. You only had the receipt for where
the picture might

[00:54:22] **Kendall Miller:** have

[00:54:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly. And you can

[00:54:24] **Kendall Miller:** he says jpeg, he means a Jeff or a jfe, which is
the only way that you can pronounce either of these

[00:54:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** a Jeff. So we're just gonna, what's that T-shirt
look like? That's actually what I'm really interested in, what that t-shirt
looks like. It's a Jeff, not a GIF or a gif.

[00:54:42] **Robbie Wagner:** It is

[00:54:42] **Kendall Miller:** No, it just says gif pronounced Jeff,

[00:54:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Just the

[00:54:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** name. Alright. You're not a designer except for
your make beauty face. Did you make that skateboard behind you? 'cause I don't
think you did.

[00:54:57] **Kendall Miller:** Uh,

[00:54:57] **Rishi Malik:** should take that personally.

[00:54:59] **Kendall Miller:** I have [00:55:00] none design sense, so anything
behind me that looks at all nice was not designed by me. Uh, from the Friday
deployment spirit logo to the Axiom skateboard, to even my be prepared to

[00:55:10] **Kendall Miller:** stop.

[00:55:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** You stole

[00:55:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** that. a

[00:55:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I am curious about that

[00:55:15] **Kendall Miller:** it at a, , what do you wanna know about the
trombone?

[00:55:18] **Robbie Wagner:** It looks plastic from here.

[00:55:20] **Kendall Miller:** It's called a pone because it is a plastic
trombone.

[00:55:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. I did not know that was a

[00:55:26] **Robbie Wagner:** thing. Can you 3D print one?

[00:55:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** At his, at at Robbie's house. They called it an
R Bone. Anyway.

[00:55:35] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know that I fully got the

[00:55:36] **Kendall Miller:** don't know where to go from there. Uh,

[00:55:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh,

[00:55:40] **Rishi Malik:** Just gonna sip my whiskey here.

[00:55:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, here, here we are.

[00:55:46] **Kendall Miller:** woo.

[00:55:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** My beauty face is gonna have his gin. I want to
try that now. I'm very, I tried aviation recently and it's hot garbage. I'm
really disappointed from an American

[00:55:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** gin

[00:55:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** perspective. [00:56:00] It's not good. It's,
it's fine. As a mixer, it is definitely not good. Straight up.

[00:56:05] **Kendall Miller:** People aren't buying aviation because they just
really want a great gin. And also, I don't think many people are gonna turn to
Friday deployment spirits as their daily drinking gin

[00:56:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

[00:56:15] **Kendall Miller:** it's expensive even though it's very good.

[00:56:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** The Costco one is actually pretty good. Have

[00:56:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** you

[00:56:21] **Kendall Miller:** Costco, if you're into a London dry, the Costco
one is pretty decent.

[00:56:24] **Kendall Miller:** Yeah.

[00:56:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, on London dries a like great Negroni gin,
but.

[00:56:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I like London wet. Personally. I.

[00:56:31] **Kendall Miller:** London wet.

[00:56:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's what

[00:56:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** she

[00:56:33] **Kendall Miller:** It's hard if you, if you sit down with, give you,
give you a handful like Booles, , tank Ray, , even the botanist, and you, you,
you take a handful of gins and you blind taste test them. You'd be depressed at
how little difference you can tell on the flavor. people who are going for a
London dry tend to land on one specific flavor.

[00:56:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Although when I lived in DC there, I
cannot remember the [00:57:00] name of the DC distiller that did a Navy strength
gin there. That was delicious on its own. Green something, I don't know. I don't
know if anybody is familiar. No. yeah, they, in DC micro distillers, they were
like really well known for their gin and they had a.

[00:57:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Navy strength one, but that's been about eight
years, so I don't know if that's still the case.

[00:57:26] **Robbie Wagner:** You know what else is well known

[00:57:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Your

[00:57:28] **Robbie Wagner:** that it's dinner time for me. So we're over time ,
Before we end, what would you guys like to plug? I'm guessing Friday deployment
spirits, but, uh, lemme know if there's other things you wanna plug where people
can find you. What do you, what

[00:57:41] **Robbie Wagner:** do

[00:57:41] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:57:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** What's the clever tagline on the gin? 'cause we
know it's generative. A rye.

[00:57:47] **Kendall Miller:** The gin is force Push gin. That was our first
release. what do we wanna plug? Somebody just worked their ass off to make you
successful at work. Go buy 'em a bottle of Friday [00:58:00] deployment spirits
to say thank you.

[00:58:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:58:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** like

[00:58:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** it.

[00:58:02] **Robbie Wagner:** said.

[00:58:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Rishi has nothing. He's like, yeah, that,

[00:58:05] **Rishi Malik:** I, I can't even top that. It's, it's perfect.

[00:58:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Fair enough. All

[00:58:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** right,

[00:58:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** well

[00:58:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Cool. Well, thanks for

[00:58:12] **Kendall Miller:** gentlemen. Thanks for having us.

[00:58:13] **Rishi Malik:** Appreciate

[00:58:14] **Rishi Malik:** it.

[00:58:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, thanks. Catch everybody next time.

[00:58:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** chow.

[00:58:19] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
