[00:00:00] **Robbie:** What's going on everybody? Happy holidays. It is advent
of whiskey. We're gonna continue our journey through 20, is it 24? 25, 24, I

[00:00:13] **Chuck:** No. 24. Yeah. That's usually how advent calendars work.

[00:00:16] **Robbie:** It's, you don't get one for the day of,

[00:00:19] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm. . Oh, you're just the countdown cuz you get
presents that day.

[00:00:22] **Robbie:** Ah, fair. All right, so we're on whiskey six. I've got my
holiday sweater on. This is Whiskey Web and whatnot, by the way, with Robbie and
Chuck.

[00:00:33] **Robbie:** Uh, and today we're gonna be doing three whiskeys and
we've got one is number six, product of Japan. So that's probably gonna be
scotchy.

[00:00:46] **Chuck:** Yeah, so usually those are, um, malt whiskeys. Uh, this
one is 45%, 90 proof. It's, uh, Mars Shinshu is the, yeah, I've never heard of,
[00:01:00] uh, Mars Shinshu. Uh, I think our pronunciation is pretty good
though. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's not bad. I gotta put this one in my
proper Glen car. That was a lot.

[00:01:16] **Robbie:** This definitely has notes of the slap sync behind me that
I rinsed my glass out with

[00:01:24] **Chuck:** Hill advised

[00:01:25] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. Well, I didn't wanna walk all the way
upstairs. That's all right. I'll probably be sick after this.

[00:01:33] **Chuck:** Mm. Yeah, it's just bleachy for you maybe. Um, so this is
a little floral smell to me. A little apricot, like to me, I don't know.

[00:01:42] **Robbie:** I smell, um, like it's a little lavender. Like sometimes
lavender can be a little bit spicy, like if there's a lot of it and it's, it's
kind of like that little bit of floral, a little bit of spice on the nose, at
least.[00:02:00]

[00:02:00] **Chuck:** I think I might be affected by looking at this picture,

[00:02:02] **Robbie:** Mm

[00:02:03] **Chuck:** butter, scotch. I'm getting a little of that in the
finish.

[00:02:06] **Robbie:** mm Let's see. Yeah, don't look at that.

[00:02:10] **Chuck:** It's, it doesn't taste scotchy to me at all. I get no PE
or smoke out of it. It's fruity

[00:02:20] **Robbie:** I think there's,

[00:02:21] **Chuck:** Little

[00:02:22] **Robbie:** there's like 4.8% scotch taste in there. Like it's, it's.
But yeah, it's not like a lot of Japanese whiskeys are very scotchy because it's
like, that's the style they like, I guess. And, um, it's not like that. So I'm,
I'm a fan so far. Let's see. Let me try to get some more tasting notes.

[00:02:43] **Chuck:** I guess it was a thing where distillers from Santori or
something went to Scotland and studied for years and then brought the processes
back to Japan. Um, let's see.

[00:02:59] **Robbie:** I'm gonna take [00:03:00] your butter scotch a level
further and say, this tastes like a caramel flavored salt water taffy.

[00:03:09] **Chuck:** Ooh. Now that sounds better than what I've had in my
mouth, but still pretty good. Oh yeah. This is an attempt at what they call an
American style whiskey.

[00:03:21] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:03:21] **Chuck:** That's, so, it's like their, okay. Um, Let's see, but the
Mars Shin shoe distillery came out with their blue label whiskey, which is an
attempt at what they call an American style whiskey, which means bourbon and
editing language.

[00:03:36] **Robbie:** Hmm. Okay.

[00:03:37] **Chuck:** it's a, yeah.

[00:03:38] **Robbie:** I mean, I'm pleased. I like it better than most bourbons,
I would say. Cause I still don't like bourbon usually that much.

[00:03:45] **Chuck:** that's funny. Yeah, cuz this is a little spicier. So this
is actually a high corn, 75% mixed with malted barley. 25. So it's aged in ex
bourbon casks also. So the profile is decidedly American.

[00:03:59] **Robbie:** [00:04:00] Hm.

[00:04:00] **Chuck:** stewed fruit yield, a stewed fruit flavor profile. It's

[00:04:05] **Robbie:** I don't, I don't know. I would say stewed fruit, but.

[00:04:08] **Chuck:** Well, for Japanese whiskeys, , even though I don't know if
we can classify this as the same, um, I'm giving this a seven.

[00:04:16] **Robbie:** Yeah. It's . It's kind of like if you bought a scotch
right and it was just a rye, it, does it still count as a scotch ? Like

[00:04:25] **Chuck:** I don't know. Produce in Japan now versus the style.

[00:04:29] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:04:29] **Chuck:** definitely unique though.

[00:04:31] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:04:31] **Chuck:** uh,

[00:04:32] **Robbie:** So, yeah, in terms of Japanese whiskey, I would agree
with you. This is a seven. I think if we're rating it with other bourbons, um,
maybe more like a six. It's not like the best ever, but

[00:04:45] **Chuck:** And the fact that it's like so different than bourbons and
aged, it's hard to put it in that category because it's not, it doesn't have the
same restrictions in any way.

[00:04:55] **Robbie:** Yeah, true.

[00:04:57] **Chuck:** yeah.

[00:04:57] **Robbie:** Yeah. So pretty, pretty good. Let's see. We'll rate
[00:05:00] this one. A plus four on here and we'll say, uh, bourbon like with a
little scotch.

[00:05:17] **Chuck:** Hmm. Sketchy Scotch SCO

[00:05:20] **Robbie:** All right. God, I love how they keep asking me to rate
these against the Indian. Like they should just stop , like I've already told
you that one was trash. Um, okay. So yeah, that one's all the way. The weeded
bourbon. I don't even, oh, the redemption bourbon. Yeah. That wasn't bad. I
think I like this a little more.

[00:05:40] **Robbie:** Maybe give that, um, and this so much more than that
scotch that we had before. It's hard to remember, like they expect you to rate
this. Stuff you had like theoretically days ago, if you were doing these
[00:06:00] one day at a time,

[00:06:02] **Chuck:** Right. Maybe if you're being a bit more studious about the
process and filling out the little booklet they gave you and all that fun stuff,
you have more to it, I don't know, expression, spirit type notes. Brand. Yeah.
Head to Flaviar. It's almost like

[00:06:24] **Robbie:** All right,

[00:06:25] **Chuck:** ation or something. It just sounds, I don't know. That's a
weird company name.

[00:06:30] **Robbie:** and it should be Flaviar, makes it sound much rounder and
nicer. It could be that we should email

[00:06:37] **Chuck:** fla. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. Flavor Fla Flaviar,

[00:06:41] **Robbie:** all right now we have a product of USA number seven.

[00:06:46] **Chuck:** This is an American whiskey from Missouri called J Reger
and co blended 46%. Um, doesn't look like we get any mash bill info here. So
[00:07:00] yeah, American whiskey. Hmm. I might have got myself earlier too. Uh,
Butter, scotch, cuz I feel like I smell that again.

[00:07:16] **Robbie:** Hmm. This smells. New shoe fabric, like, not the leather,
but like the other stuff in the shoe. Yeah. Rubber or like the, the fabricy
bits. Like a, a fresh wool, or not wool, but like a, what do you call it, felt,
might smell kind of like this.

[00:07:41] **Chuck:** so these smell like all birds.

[00:07:44] **Robbie:** Yeah, like a new pair of all birds is right in your cup.

[00:07:49] **Chuck:** hmm. Delicious. I've always wanted to drink those.

[00:07:52] **Robbie:** Yeah. New shoes smell amazing. Like they don't make me
want to eat it, but I, I would have it in like a candle or something.

[00:07:59] **Chuck:** [00:08:00] it's kinda like the new car smell, right?

[00:08:01] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't make you go like, oh, I want to
eat that, but

[00:08:07] **Chuck:** this got a little pepper on my nose. No, not

[00:08:14] **Robbie:** yeah. Yeah. A little bit of pepper, like if you, Took
your cacho pepe and put it in some allbirds.

[00:08:23] **Chuck:** Hmm. Cheesy pepper. I mean, it's brilliant. Hmm.

[00:08:30] **Robbie:** I made some, uh,

[00:08:32] **Chuck:** Burnt caramel.

[00:08:33] **Robbie:** fancy mac and cheese last night. As a side note, it was
kind of like cacho pepe, but it was just every cheese I had in the fridge melted
in some milk and butter. It's pretty good.

[00:08:44] **Chuck:** I make a pretty mean like OG southern style. Um, actually
it's just taken from an Alton Brown recipe, but for like baked mac and cheese,
like the real deal. Multiple cheeses.

[00:08:55] **Robbie:** do a ton of cheese on top and like get it crispy?

[00:08:58] **Chuck:** Yes, [00:09:00] absolutely. So you do the whole, make the
cheese sauce with the milk and butter. A little bit of mustard. whatever things
you're gonna put in, and then mix that up, cheese on top, crisp it up.

[00:09:12] **Robbie:** Yeah. Sounds good.

[00:09:22] **Chuck:** It starts to get a little musty as you have more, it's, it
had a lot of like burnt caramel in the beginning for me, then starts to get a
little musty and a little.

[00:09:32] **Robbie:** kind of tastes like if you took a lemon and squashed it
with a really dirty rock and then like licked that, whatever that made, um,

[00:09:42] **Chuck:** Your,

[00:09:43] **Robbie:** It sounds great, right?

[00:09:44] **Chuck:** are on fire today.

[00:09:46] **Robbie:** I'm trying to be more creative than like, oh, um, you
know, fruity?

[00:09:51] **Chuck:** Yeah. It tastes like whiskey. Kind of burnie.

[00:09:56] **Chuck:** It's like, it has alcohol.

[00:09:58] **Robbie:** yeah, it's like what it reminds me of [00:10:00] versus
exactly what it tastes like, but I do get some lemon rin in there. Little bit of
acidity, little bit of bitterness.

[00:10:06] **Chuck:** Yeah, that was the bitter. I usually, when I say bitter, I
mean a fruit rhd kind of bitter

[00:10:14] **Robbie:** All right. Let's rate this thing. Um,

[00:10:17] **Chuck:** whiskey. I don't even know how to rate it against

[00:10:19] **Robbie:** gonna give it a four. I'm not that pleased with it.

[00:10:25] **Chuck:** I was gonna go five. I was gonna say like, Some of the
initial tastes of it, um, are decent. Doesn't like blow me away from there from
that point, but also doesn't, it doesn't really feel bad. I don't get

[00:10:38] **Robbie:** Yeah. Well, four's not bad. It's middle of the road.

[00:10:41] **Chuck:** Yeah. I'm gonna go five. I'm gonna give it a little more
credit. I'm gonna say five.

[00:10:45] **Robbie:** like if this were at a party and it was the only whiskey,
I wouldn't go, Ooh, gross. I'm not gonna drink it, but I wouldn't go buy it.
Let's say that.

[00:10:54] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't like, I mean if this was amongst
other choices, [00:11:00] probably wouldn't pick it. If this was like, um, like,
oh, there weren't a lot of options and this was there, I might be apt to like,
go this direction.

[00:11:08] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:11:08] **Chuck:** Yeah, I can't play

[00:11:09] **Robbie:** Jack Daniels, I would take

[00:11:10] **Chuck:** Uhhuh. I would take this, I can't play the pricing
component, um, into my reviews on this.

[00:11:17] **Robbie:** they still want me to rate this against the Indian one?
They really like that one, I guess.

[00:11:21] **Chuck:** Yeah. They're like, no, really? It's not bad.

[00:11:24] **Robbie:** No, really it's, it's pretty awful.

[00:11:26] **Chuck:** Yeah. But what about this one? Oh, the next one we're
gonna get to do is an Irish, an Irish whiskey.

[00:11:34] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:11:35] **Chuck:** We ski with a, but they put an E in there.

[00:11:38] **Robbie:** That means

[00:11:39] **Chuck:** that only in Scotland? Yeah.

[00:11:41] **Robbie:** It, it doesn't have to do with where it's from. It's just
the style. So if it's supposed to taste like scotch, they'll take the E out. Fun
fact for the listeners,

[00:11:52] **Chuck:** man,

[00:11:54] **Robbie:** Kansas City

[00:11:56] **Chuck:** Holy shit. Here is the interesting part [00:12:00] about
this one. This one is 65% alcohol. It is 130 proof, which I have never had an, I
have never had an Irish whiskey that higher of proof, you know?

[00:12:11] **Robbie:** No, this mu must be like cast strength something right
from, I don't know, it's probably not like jam sent or something standard. It's
probably something else. Right?

[00:12:23] **Chuck:** uh, this is the highest proof Irish whiskey on the market
at the time of

[00:12:27] **Robbie:** the nostrils.

[00:12:28] **Chuck:** Two stacks were launched in 19 19, 20 20 by a group of
three friends. Have another sir, um, six years working on a craft bread, blah,
blah, blah. Okay. I don't know. This is what we know about

[00:12:42] **Robbie:** right, well, Chuck's excited. Anytime it's over. A
hundred proof.

[00:12:46] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm. I mean, otherwise it's a waste of time. Don't
wanna

[00:12:51] **Robbie:** as well have a Natty Light.

[00:12:54] **Chuck:** O it's got a little smokiness and. This is the [00:13:00]
most

[00:13:00] **Robbie:** like, um, what do you call it? You know, is it a cedar
closet where they just like line everything with wood? It smells like that.

[00:13:09] **Chuck:** Yeah. And you can buy those cedar blocks to keep, uh,
mouths and stuff away. So that's why they do the closets in

[00:13:14] **Robbie:** Like a specific, like, it, it doesn't smell a hundred
percent. Okie to me it's like almost a different.

[00:13:21] **Chuck:** Yeah, very. That is interesting. I'll go ahead and pour
and. See what happens.

[00:13:28] **Robbie:** Yeah, so very woody. They must have aged it a while or
put a bunch of STAs in there or something.

[00:13:34] **Chuck:** Yeah. There, I don't believe there was an age statement.
Let me check my notes. Proper whiskey band. Hmm.

[00:13:43] **Robbie:** Oh.

[00:13:45] **Chuck:** Oh hmm. Okay.

[00:13:49] **Robbie:** this is, this is the Irish version of scotch.

[00:13:52] **Chuck:** Okay. But super high proof. Cause again, scotch is not
usually above 90.

[00:13:58] **Robbie:** Yeah. Like this is, [00:14:00] this is like a scotch I
would drink kind of flavor, but it's, I wasn't expecting it to be scotchy. And
then I drank it and went, oh, my mouth Cuz it doesn't smell sco. You wait for
it, you'll, you'll get it.

[00:14:20] **Chuck:** Hmm. Yeah. That's weird. I don't know about that. He's got
a lot of burn. Got ooh. Hello, hug. Um, very, yeah. A lot of peat in there

[00:14:33] **Robbie:** Mm-hmm. . Mm-hmm.

[00:14:36] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:14:37] **Robbie:** It gives you that. I just ate a Sharpie feeling. Whenever
it's high alcohol and high heat, it's like, Hmm. Sharpie

[00:14:44] **Chuck:** Yeah. There you. I just ate a monster truck tire. That's
weird.

[00:14:50] **Robbie:** grave Digger.

[00:14:52] **Chuck:** no, it does have like notes of like the weight when you
open a can of tennis balls. Right. And you smell that rubbery [00:15:00] felty
kinda,

[00:15:00] **Robbie:** a new Allbirds.

[00:15:02] **Chuck:** yeah. This, this tastes like that a little bit.

[00:15:04] **Robbie:** See what the guy that was the professional sommelier that
said the tennis balls thing, he meant all birds. He just isn't as good

[00:15:11] **Chuck:** they just weren't invented yet. I think that some is old
enough that there wasn't an

[00:15:17] **Robbie:** that's fair. That's fair. I haven't seen it. I didn't
know how old it was.

[00:15:20] **Chuck:** Oh, it's at least 10 years old. Um,

[00:15:28] **Robbie:** All right,

[00:15:28] **Chuck:** a little bit of like, um, Piney, kind of like pine needles
for

[00:15:33] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:15:34] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm.

[00:15:35] **Robbie:** it's like a stack of firewood that you lid on fire.
Actually, this tastes and smells like fat wood, which, do you know what fat wood
is?

[00:15:46] **Chuck:** Mm.

[00:15:46] **Robbie:** It's a fire starter, but it's soaked in some kind of
resin or something

[00:15:51] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:15:52] **Robbie:** where it like burns really well. It's, uh, it smells like
that. It's usually pine, like it smells very pine like.

[00:15:58] **Chuck:** Okay. Yeah, I'm [00:16:00] definitely getting Pine P taste
and you know, okay, here's a, here's a very specific. Descriptor. You know, when
like sometimes you like order an orange juice at a restaurant and then they give
you this like really crappy kind of taste. Like the tin can concentrate orange
juice.

[00:16:20] **Chuck:** It has a little of that to me. Like the crappy, like
acidic, tinny, kind of like

[00:16:26] **Robbie:** Yeah, like it's sad and metal too long.

[00:16:28] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:16:30] **Robbie:** A little of that. Yeah, so that's, this is the problem
with rating. This one is like Irish. I was expecting something really yummy and
they decided they wanted to be more scotchy. So it's like, do you rate it with
scotches or do you rate it with Irish? Cuz if I rate it with Irish, it's gonna
be a lot lower.

[00:16:47] **Robbie:** But in terms of if this were a scotch, I would say I
would drink this scotch. I don't. It's good for a scotch, but for an Irish
whiskey it is not.[00:17:00]

[00:17:00] **Chuck:** I'm not really sure. I rate it on either scale, which is
the problem. So it's kind of got a scotch style to it. So in the scotch world, I
get where it's a little different cuz it's way higher proof and has some
differences in the notes. But if you enjoy scotch, you're not gonna like this. I
don't think most people like you don't like scotch, so you like this more than
regular SCOs.

[00:17:21] **Chuck:** But if you do, you know. This isn't for you

[00:17:28] **Robbie:** they were trying to

[00:17:28] **Chuck:** but uh, they are. And then in the Irish world, yeah, like,
I don't know, it's weird to say, but I actually find Irish whiskeys kind of
refreshing compared to like having kind of a punch in the nose. High,

[00:17:41] **Robbie:** yeah, they're usually not

[00:17:43] **Chuck:** high

[00:17:43] **Robbie:** high proof. Yeah.

[00:17:45] **Chuck:** Yeah. And so it's like, well, you have a few and it's,
it's okay.

[00:17:49] **Chuck:** It's like, it's lighter than Guinness kind of thing. Um,

[00:17:52] **Robbie:** the lifestyle of sitting at the bar and drinking it all
day. Like you can't do that

[00:17:56] **Chuck:** Yeah. It's like a session whiskey. Yeah. Um, [00:18:00] so
in both of those realms, I maybe put it at a four where it's like, oh, it's
different. I find that interesting. I don't know that I want to have it that
much, but then again, I don't know.

[00:18:12] **Chuck:** Yeah. The, even at a high proof, I'm not sure if this
one's for me,

[00:18:16] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm gonna give it a five just to say it's, it is
interesting. I appreciate that they tried something different, but that's all
that it gets the extra point for because I would not seek it out.

[00:18:29] **Chuck:** Yeah. Well the more you know, do, do, do, should we talk
about technical things?

[00:18:37] **Robbie:** I guess, did we have, oh yeah, the state of JS stuff. Um,
so if you didn't listen to the last two episodes and somehow landed in this just
third episode of the series, State of JS is out there. You should fill it out
and write in whiskey web and whatnot. I'm gonna say it in every episode because
I want you to do it and also just fill out state of js, [00:19:00] especially if
you're someone who isn't just a React fanboy all day and wants to put in some,
you know, educated opinions about selt or view or whatever else you might.

[00:19:11] **Robbie:** There needs to be a lot more of that cuz it's always
heavily like, oh, react is the best and everyone loves it and they wanna learn
nothing else. And it's like, well is that really the state of real js or is that
just the people you happen to capture that are going to take the survey? Because
I think it's just, it's heavily that like.

[00:19:31] **Robbie:** Anyway, um, some of the things we talked about before
were the new things in JavaScript and like things on that api. So the things we
were gonna look at today are some of the new browser APIs and see if we've heard
of them. Uh, just talk a little bit about them, et cetera. Um,

[00:19:48] **Chuck:** will is the terminal a browser?

[00:19:54] **Robbie:** what, what did you.

[00:19:57] **Chuck:** Is the terminal A browser? I mean, come on.[00:20:00]

[00:20:00] **Robbie:** it, it can

[00:20:01] **Chuck:** browse things. Yeah.

[00:20:02] **Robbie:** doesn't support CSS, I guess, but you can like curl stuff
and get the webpage back. It's just not gonna look how the person that made it
intended.

[00:20:13] **Chuck:** right?

[00:20:14] **Robbie:** So,

[00:20:15] **Chuck:** Because you just display it as string essentially.

[00:20:18] **Robbie:** yeah. So I guess yes it is, but it's just hard to read.

[00:20:25] **Chuck:** There you go,

[00:20:27] **Robbie:** But anyway, uh, some of the, uh, some of the things in
browsers you might be familiar with, like Google Chrome and Safari and whatnot.
Um, the first one they had on here I was a little confused by, because I've been
using it for, I feel like a decade, is service workers. Maybe not a full decade,
let's say seven years.

[00:20:46] **Chuck:** Yeah. Okay.

[00:20:50] **Chuck:** Seven

[00:20:50] **Robbie:** But , oh my god. I could have picked any number. Um, so
yeah, so service workers, I'm assuming you've [00:21:00] used them. I've used
them for, like, the main thing I use them for is, uh, having a progressive web
app that kind of cas itself so that you can load your page if you don't have
internet or whatever. So, It's good for that.

[00:21:13] **Robbie:** It's bad if you don't have a good caching, like cash
busting, um, fingerprinting strategy because you can get into situations where
you have to literally blow away your entire website, publish something totally
different, and then publish like a new website because you can't bust the cash.
The user just keeps seeing the same thing from your service worker.

[00:21:38] **Robbie:** And I, I did that a lot when our site was, uh, based on
Ember because there was an Ember service worker add-on that did not help you
with that. And, uh, that happened frequently. I would like publish a whole new
look and feel and everyone would get the old one for like six months. . Yeah.

[00:21:56] **Chuck:** Well, it's good that you realize Ember is dead and moved
on to [00:22:00] other technologies,

[00:22:01] **Robbie:** it is,

[00:22:02] **Chuck:** having that

[00:22:03] **Robbie:** it is one of the compelling things about these new things
like n. . Other things that give you packages for using service workers and
progressive web apps, they handle that for you. So it just works and you don't
have to worry about, you know, what do I want to cash and nod and when do I want
it to change?

[00:22:20] **Robbie:** It just kind of goes, oh yeah, like you published a new
version. You probably wanna make sure people have that. So it's how it should
work.

[00:22:29] **Chuck:** Inspiration for your next add-on. Um, and cash is just
hard. I mean, that's been said in software for longer than we've been around
probably, uh, or at least the internet

[00:22:42] **Robbie:** and caching. That's what they always say.

[00:22:45] **Chuck:** Rules everything around me.

[00:22:47] **Robbie:** Yeah. I bet you could get, uh, open AI to tell you how to
cash correctly though.

[00:22:54] **Chuck:** Chat. Yeah, ChatGPT It's all anyone is [00:23:00] talking
about these days. Um, getting back on Twitter the last few months, um, you know,
mostly for my, uh, NFT projects and. Basically burning money and uh, and now of
course the World Cup. Well, now my entire timeline seems to be just people doing
things in ChatGPT T,

[00:23:19] **Robbie:** Yeah, I saw a tweet, I don't know if you saw it, but it
was like, uh, you know, why is mainstream media not covering all this GPT stuff?
It's like if we split the atom And then everyone was just talking about football
instead. Like,

[00:23:33] **Robbie:** um, because it is really kind of game changing and you
don't go to watch the Today Show and they're like, ChatGPT like,

[00:23:41] **Chuck:** Yeah. because they don't understand it. Like, I think
that's really what it is, is like people skimming for article, you know, things
to talk about or whatever, or articles to write. They were like, this is
trending.

[00:23:55] **Robbie:** Yeah. You know what I do know about though? The college
football playoff. Let's talk about that[00:24:00]

[00:24:01] **Robbie:** Yeah, Um.

[00:24:03] **Chuck:** There's this thing happens every four years. It's called
the World Cup.

[00:24:07] **Robbie:** Yeah, football on both spellings. But anyway, um, we'll
get into some more whatnot later. Let's, let's continue down our list. We gotta
make these short episodes, so I N T L.

[00:24:20] **Chuck:** Intel.

[00:24:21] **Robbie:** like international. I guess. I don't know all the things
that live under this name space, but I think we were talking about it the other
day.

[00:24:27] **Robbie:** There's a thing where you can do like Intel dot format,
my date, or I forget what it's called. The method.

[00:24:34] **Chuck:** There's some currency stuff too, I believe, um, in it,
which is, I think that's mostly in the past where I've had any experience for
like currency formatting purposes.

[00:24:44] **Robbie:** numbers in general where like some people want to have
the decimal as a comma or vice versa. Um,

[00:24:51] **Chuck:** all those things.

[00:24:53] **Robbie:** Um, yeah, so I think it does some of that. It, it does a
lot of things I think under the name space, but someone that's used it more
[00:25:00] would know a lot more than I would. So, um, WebGL

[00:25:05] **Chuck:** What's GL stand for?

[00:25:07] **Robbie:** Uh, graphics library. I don't know.

[00:25:13] **Chuck:** There'll be a pop quiz on this

[00:25:14] **Robbie:** do you know?

[00:25:15] **Chuck:** find out. No, I don't know at all. I had zero. Uh, that
sounds about right.

[00:25:19] **Robbie:** Okay. I thought, I thought you were laughing cuz I was
super wrong or something.

[00:25:23] **Chuck:** No, no. That just has to do with like visuals and motions
and other things that I don't want to touch in life. You know this?

[00:25:29] **Robbie:** and I mean, I know it's graphics, so I'm guessing that's
what the, I'm trying to look it up. But this computer was made in 1400, so it's
uh, having a hard time. Yeah. Web graphics library. Got 'em.

[00:25:40] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:25:42] **Robbie:** Yeah, so it

[00:25:43] **Chuck:** just need to whole punch into a paper and feed it into the
computer, and then it'll process that and give you your answer. Yeah.

[00:25:51] **Robbie:** Um, yeah, so the next one is web animations. I actually
don't know much about how you would use that.

[00:25:58] **Chuck:** How does that differ from [00:26:00] WebGL? I mean, WebGL
progressions or what have allowed people to like make browser based games and

[00:26:06] **Robbie:** I think WebGL is older. It's like, Flashy and like web
animations is like the new, but I would just use CSS for animations usually. So
I'm not really sure. I don't know. Um, web rtc, what does the RTC stand for?
Chuck?

[00:26:25] **Chuck:** Yeah, that's what I was asking.

[00:26:26] **Chuck:** You write, write to code. It's your web write to

[00:26:30] **Robbie:** uh, I'm gonna say real time channel. Let's find out what
it is. Do you know what it is at all?

[00:26:39] **Robbie:** Like what it

[00:26:40] **Chuck:** I have no idea. No, this is a very informative episode for
our listeners.

[00:26:44] **Robbie:** yeah, so it, um, I it's words, I used it when I was
doing, uh, Wolf doing the web audio API stuff. Web RTC was a thing to like
interface with like, uh, uh, microphone [00:27:00] or something. I think. Let me
see. Uh, where does it tell me web realtime communication. . Yeah. So it's about
like using a microphone and, and getting the input kind of thing.

[00:27:11] **Robbie:** I think,

[00:27:13] **Chuck:** Okay. Connecting to hardware through the, yeah. Okay.
Browser api.

[00:27:18] **Robbie:** yeah, like the thing we needed it for was connecting, um,
to capacitor, like talking to like an iPhone microphone kind of thing. Um, stuff
like that.

[00:27:30] **Chuck:** So this next one then seems kind of related as well.

[00:27:33] **Robbie:** Um, I don't have my list. What is it?

[00:27:36] **Chuck:** Web Speech, api.

[00:27:38] **Robbie:** I don't know anything about that.

[00:27:41] **Chuck:** Well, I mean, it must have some kind of speech
interpreter. I don't know, I'm

[00:27:45] **Robbie:** yeah, but is it like text to speech or something?

[00:27:48] **Chuck:** I don't know. It would be great if you could take like
speech commands

[00:27:55] **Robbie:** Enables you to incorporate voice data into web apps.
[00:28:00] text to speech and asynchronous speech recognition. So yeah, it's,
it's, uh, I guess both ways of like, write some text, a computer can talk it out
or you say some things and it figures out what you said, so that's cool. I
didn't know we had that built in.

[00:28:20] **Chuck:** yeah, I wonder what's the interpreter on that? Somehow or
another, like using the OS to.

[00:28:25] **Robbie:** It just puts it in, uh, chat. G P T.

[00:28:29] **Chuck:** Yeah, there you go. Turns out, uh, to save a little money,
Google's just plugged in their, some of their, their tools right into, uh, open
AI

[00:28:39] **Robbie:** just don't ask it. What would make a good scientist? you
see that

[00:28:44] **Chuck:** Okay. No.

[00:28:46] **Robbie:** put in a thing that was like, I want to rate scientists
based on ethnicity. Can you write me a function that picks a good scientist and
it. If white good scientists or something like that, [00:29:00] basically. And I
was like, oh God, this is like very biased

[00:29:06] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:29:07] **Robbie:** Um, yeah, so it's, it has a lot of rough edges and I
think they do a lot to keep stuff like that out, but some of it sneaks through

[00:29:15] **Chuck:** Yeah. . Wow.

[00:29:18] **Robbie:** Um, okay, let's see. We're running outta time here. Uh,
web sockets will be the last one we'll do for this.

[00:29:25] **Chuck:** Okay.

[00:29:25] **Robbie:** What are web sockets, Chuck?

[00:29:27] **Chuck:** Sockets for the web.

[00:29:29] **Robbie:** That's true. All right, we're out of time.

[00:29:30] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:29:32] **Robbie:** No, really. Do you have an answer?

[00:29:36] **Chuck:** Uh, I, yes, but, um, I, I remember when they first started
to become a thing as far as like tasks and, uh, Basically allows you to have a
communication channel underneath for updating real time information. Um, but I
remember, uh, those and service workers used to be very confusing for me cuz it
kind [00:30:00] of felt like you're, you're operating off the main thread to do
particular things.

[00:30:04] **Chuck:** But the one is just basically like a push pool of
information and the other can. Functions, running off thread to do all kinds of
things, including that, but also many other things.

[00:30:16] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:30:17] **Chuck:** think of them as like a subscription, uh, thread.

[00:30:20] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. It's basically a way, I mean, the only way
that I've ever used web sockets, I'm sure there are more nuanced things to do,
but to replace polling for your api, basically, like instead of every second,
tell me the result of this call. You can just say, when you have a new result,
just tell me and I'll update.

[00:30:38] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. Ver you don't have to like manage a set
interval loop, right?

[00:30:44] **Robbie:** Yeah. All right, so that is the end of this episode of
Whiskey Web and whatnot, advent of whiskey edition. So we will catch you

[00:30:53] **Robbie:** tomorrow where we do whiskeys nine and 10, and talk about
the rest of the things, the state [00:31:00] of JS and holiday traditions and
cookies and eggnog and I don't know, holiday stuff.

[00:31:06] **Robbie:** We'll talk to.

[00:31:08] **Chuck:** Holiday celebrate.
