[00:00:00] **Robbie:** Ho, ho, ho. Welcome listeners, to the advent of whiskey.
This is Whiskey Web and whatnot. With myself, Robert William Wagner, and my
co-host, as always, Charles William Carpenter II

[00:00:17] **Chuck:** I prefer today to be called the Elf Chuck

[00:00:22] **Robbie:** Okay. Chuck

[00:00:24] **Chuck:** I don't know. I was just trying to play Andy, your Santa.

[00:00:27] **Robbie:** Yeah, I don't know.

[00:00:28] **Chuck:** caught off. Go, you know, we don't practice these things,
so

[00:00:30] **Robbie:** Yeah, especially when we're doing this many episodes
anyways, um, let's do some whiskey. We've got numbers nine and 10 today. Nine is
another Japanese, so it could either be very scotchy or not, which we learned
from the last Japanese one.

[00:00:47] **Chuck:** Uh, this is from the Yoshi Kra. Yoshi. Distillery that is
40% alcohol. So more on par with what we're used to. 80%. [00:01:00] 80 proof.
Um, it is a Japanese blended. I'm gonna guess then it is

[00:01:04] **Robbie:** It's Scotchy,

[00:01:06] **Chuck:** yeah. Scotch. Okay. SCO Scotch.

[00:01:08] **Robbie:** I can tell from smelling.

[00:01:11] **Chuck:** Hmm. Okay. This is funny, and maybe this is just me
because I've been in and out of cold weather recently and messing with my
sinuses, but I smell a little bit of like, you know, you open like a jar of
normal like green olives with pimentos in it and like the, the olive juice, you
would say it, it kind of smells like that to me.

[00:01:30] **Chuck:** A little like vinegar olive.

[00:01:34] **Robbie:** I'm not getting that.

[00:01:36] **Chuck:** Mm, okay. I made it up. It's fine.

[00:01:38] **Robbie:** I mean, it's all subjective, but, uh, yeah. To me, I'm
getting something hery and I can't put my finger on it yet. It's almost like,
like a little bit of like some basil. Somehow it doesn't, I don't know
[00:02:00] why, but it's feel like the slightest amount of basil.

[00:02:04] **Chuck:** Like a margarita pizza.

[00:02:07] **Robbie:** Yeah, but like, it's not gonna taste like that at all,
but like just the nose has a little of that.

[00:02:13] **Chuck:** I get a little brown sugar on the nose too. Actually. Now
I think there's a problem with my sinuses. So olive

[00:02:20] **Robbie:** So all the brown sugar you've been stuffing up there

[00:02:22] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:02:26] **Robbie:** Hmm. This doesn't taste very scotchy actually.

[00:02:30] **Chuck:** No. Okay. Um. Yeah, so I actually get a little bit of like
a tea like flavor, a little like sugary black tea to

[00:02:47] **Robbie:** To me this is similar to the toga that we had that was
like, uh, like saki kind.

[00:02:56] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:02:56] **Robbie:** Where it's kind of watery, like doesn't feel [00:03:00]
like liquor,

[00:03:01] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:03:01] **Robbie:** but.

[00:03:02] **Chuck:** Like if I had an I, this was cold, I could definitely get
a little bit of that. Like where you get some of the kind of the sweet, cloudy,
negar, naori, saki. But in the finish I'm getting a little like, hmm, maybe a
little evergreen . Um, uh,

[00:03:26] **Robbie:** Some deciduous trees.

[00:03:30] **Chuck:** Maybe a granola or something actually, yeah,

[00:03:33] **Robbie:** Oh, I get some granola.

[00:03:34] **Chuck:** yeah. A little like as it's going down, it has a little
bit of that like od, kind of like granola. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.

[00:03:43] **Robbie:** Yeah. Okay. What are we rating it?

[00:03:47] **Chuck:** Gonna give it a five. Have I liked any other Japanese
whiskey more? I don't know. Yeah. I, I feel like this, this doesn't have a full
identity to me. It's, um, it's a little different. [00:04:00] It's way more
palatable. Um, light, fairly smooth, so, yeah. I'm, I'm gonna say five.

[00:04:07] **Robbie:** Yeah, I think the thing with these really light Japanese
whiskeys is if you really want to get really drunk, easily have no burn, like
not a ton of flavor to talk about. go with these, like there's a few that are,
are very like, uh hmm. Yeah, that's, it's like I had said before, it's like hand
water, which is like, you drink the water and you're like, water, water.

[00:04:27] **Robbie:** Oh yeah. There's some blackberry. Yeah. There it is. Like
. It's, that's what this is like. It's like water. Water. Oh wait. This is a
whiskey.

[00:04:35] **Chuck:** Oh, granola. Yeah. I mean, I think if you, I think your
palette is for light whiskeys, I think then this will probably be pretty good
for you. Um,

[00:04:45] **Robbie:** Yeah, if you're not a whiskey drinker, perhaps like, I
don't know who likes drinking straight vodka, but if you were like a, you know,
lighter vodka cocktail

[00:04:55] **Chuck:** According to tv. Russians,

[00:04:57] **Robbie:** well, yeah, but there's like no good flavor to it. It's
[00:05:00] just like supposed to be basically tasteless. So if you're into like,
you know, stuff without a lot of punch, this is for you.

[00:05:07] **Chuck:** Yeah. If look, if LaCroix is your thing, your jam, and I
do kind of like that, but I know what I'm getting

[00:05:14] **Robbie:** I like the pimple moose

[00:05:16] **Chuck:** Yeah. Because you know all the French words. Okay. Anyway,
let's move on.

[00:05:22] **Robbie:** Yeah. I don't know if I rated officially, but I agree
with your five.

[00:05:25] **Chuck:** Okay. Fives. Fives shall be throughout the entire kingdom.
Uh, the next one is a Breckenridge, which I've actually never tried any of their
stuff, so those will be interesting. Um, high Ree Bourbon from the world's
highest distillery. How, how clever you. No age statement, but it is a bourbon,
so we know it's at least like high corn, uh, 43%.

[00:05:50] **Chuck:** Uh, so,

[00:05:51] **Robbie:** name doesn't have to be four years at least

[00:05:54] **Chuck:** uh,

[00:05:54] **Robbie:** not whiskey, but bourbon or

[00:05:56] **Chuck:** yeah, they don't have to say it like it [00:06:00] does
technically, like if they go test it or whatever else. Yeah. So it has to be at
least, uh, four years. Um, but they, they may not wanna publish that, you know,
so this is like marketing verse versus the legal side of it. They're not
required by law to put an age statement, so they just are required by law to
actually age it for that long.

[00:06:20] **Robbie:** Right.

[00:06:20] **Chuck:** Yeah. Okay. Brenridge ready for, to hit the slopes? Hmm.
Ooh, this has got kind of a little mouthwash smell. Like a little bit of like
the minty

[00:06:36] **Robbie:** It's got a lot of

[00:06:37] **Chuck:** alcoholy smell,

[00:06:38] **Robbie:** on the nose to me,

[00:06:40] **Chuck:** huh? Yeah. You might have influenced me there, but,

[00:06:45] **Robbie:** My first sniff before you had mentioned the mouthwash.
Smelled very, um, like, I guess it was still kind of minty, but it was like a, a
jam, almost like a [00:07:00] blackberry jam with like some mint, like a, or
like a blackberry mojito maybe.

[00:07:05] **Chuck:** Hmm. With Mint, that could be a good cocktail.
Interesting. Have you ever had mint jelly?

[00:07:11] **Robbie:** No, I don't know how I feel about

[00:07:13] **Chuck:** it's a weird thing, but it's normally served with

[00:07:16] **Robbie:** You mean toothpaste?

[00:07:17] **Chuck:** not just mint jelly, like it's

[00:07:19] **Robbie:** No, I know . I know, but I,

[00:07:21] **Chuck:** minty, and then they want you to put it on lamb min, and
I'm not sure why that was ever a thing, but it is a traditional Aku.

[00:07:29] **Robbie:** I guess before they had barbecue sauce or things that
were good on

[00:07:32] **Chuck:** Yeah, a European thing, so

[00:07:36] **Robbie:** Yeah. I've never been into like the, uh, like putting
yogurt on stuff or mint on stuff.

[00:07:43] **Chuck:** I don't know. Yeah. Like, oh yeah, no, there's, there's
definitely some good like

[00:07:49] **Robbie:** Like

[00:07:49] **Chuck:** herbi yo. Yeah. Yeah. That's delicious with yogurt.

[00:07:54] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. I'm not saying it's not bad, it's just like
there are things I'd rather have.[00:08:00]

[00:08:00] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:08:01] **Robbie:** This smells so licoricey. I'm hoping it doesn't taste
that. Licoricey, licorice.

[00:08:06] **Chuck:** some notes of that. You know, it has the properties of
licorice, um, which I don't know what those properties would be, but

[00:08:15] **Robbie:** Yeah. I don't know what gives licorice its flavor. Is it
like a root or something?

[00:08:20] **Chuck:** I think so. That sounds about right. So this is root
flavored. Not like a root beer or a ginger beer.

[00:08:27] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:08:28] **Chuck:** roots. It, it does have a little bit of that. It doesn't

[00:08:32] **Robbie:** a lot of licorice for me.

[00:08:34] **Chuck:** yeah, I'm getting that and you probably influenced me, but
definitely kind of places that flavor and then it's very mild, so low proof.

[00:08:42] **Chuck:** Um, not a lot on the finish, not a lot of outside of this
licorice like flavor too. Can't say I love.

[00:08:52] **Robbie:** Nope. What are you, what are you thinking?[00:09:00]

[00:09:01] **Chuck:** It's not like, so you'll get some like really weak
bourbons that have like high corn flavor and are not much going on. So I'll give
it something that it doesn't taste in that way. Um, like it's just, they weren't
even trying, you know, it's just corn, brown corn. Um, three, I think three is
about the best. I.

[00:09:22] **Robbie:** I

[00:09:22] **Chuck:** might be interesting. Yeah, I think this could be
interesting in a cocktail with a lower proof mixed maybe with a couple of other,
um, liquors. And then this would just give it some diversity there in, in a
flavor profile that you might not get easily and something

[00:09:38] **Robbie:** I think it lends itself well to like, um, you know, all
of the old style cocktails that would have like, lots of gin based things or
like things that are hery like it, it would go well in something like that.

[00:09:51] **Chuck:** Yeah. So three, I'm gonna go three.

[00:09:55] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm gonna stick with two. I keep forgetting to do
these in the app.

[00:09:59] **Chuck:** a bit [00:10:00] below average for me, but, uh, not like,
Ooh, this is gross. It just, uh, lacks a

[00:10:06] **Robbie:** for me. I think it is

[00:10:08] **Chuck:** you if you don't

[00:10:09] **Robbie:** but it's not for me.

[00:10:10] **Chuck:** if you don't like licorice, this isn't a way to go. I
think for. Sorry, Breen Range. Okay. So, uh, in the last episode we were talking
quite a bit, continuing the state of js, um, and this was the browser edition
last time.

[00:10:28] **Chuck:** And I know you mentioned you might wanna discuss a few
more items. Not going down that rabbit hole too far, too far, but like a few
things that we missed. Um,

[00:10:37] **Robbie:** I mean, we could probably do, we could maybe do all of
'em. I don't know. We'll just touch on them really quickly. Custom elements are
cool. It's an element that can be named whatever you want. It's. Basically all
it is, um, used a lot for things like web components or normal components
depending on your framework and the way you show components.

[00:10:58] **Robbie:** Um, then [00:11:00] shadow down is another thing that I
feel like is a big hype word and it's, you know, there's shadow Do and what's
the other one that's not shadow on, but like the same thing. Virtual dom.

[00:11:12] **Chuck:** Oh, well. Yeah, but I mean, that's very specific to being
recreated in the context of the library you're using versus being within the
context of the browser itself. Yeah. Shadow do is really cool because it's like,
it's, it's, it's like an eye frame in a way, but can be really scoped down small
and then is way less shitty too.

[00:11:37] **Chuck:** Right. You don't have this weird. Messaging API that you
have to use to sort of communicate outside of its own context. Um, so it's like
a

[00:11:46] **Robbie:** Do, uh, do web components use shadow them?

[00:11:50] **Chuck:** I believe they do. Yeah. You

[00:11:51] **Robbie:** cuz I think that's the problem, um, if I recall
correctly, is like, it's hard to work with CSS because you can't scope, because
it is like an eye frame. You [00:12:00] can't scope down into it correctly and
say like, style this thing. Um, so there's like things that make it hard.

[00:12:09] **Chuck:** Yeah, but say you.

[00:12:12] **Robbie:** sorry. I was just gonna say like, I guess the benefit is
you don't pollute the global styles or, you know, whatever. It's very
self-contained is kind of the,

[00:12:21] **Chuck:** So you can scope a lot of things, right? You can scope,
um, without like having to re like eye frames or reaching, um, Out to other URLs
essentially, and loading that up into your frame. And this is like scoping
things within the context of, of your application still, but like keeping them
isolated.

[00:12:42] **Robbie:** Gotcha. Yeah. We're gonna skip the rest of these. There's
a page visibility api. I don't know. Uh, broadcast channel api. I have no idea.
Geolocation API sounds self-explanatory.

[00:12:56] **Chuck:** have no idea where you are. Yep.

[00:12:58] **Robbie:** Um, I'm just reading down [00:13:00] the list. Uh, file
system, access api. Sounds like you can access files. , um, yeah, et cetera.

[00:13:07] **Robbie:** Like the rest of these are things I had never used. Um,
once we got past custom elements and shadowed on, so. We'll skip those. So let's
go to holiday things. We've done a lot of whiskey and a lot of state of js, but
not a lot of holiday. We would get a failing grade if we were on holiday baking
championship right now.

[00:13:26] **Chuck:** That's the thing. Huh? Okay. Um, I mean, I can't advocate
for the quality of my television watching, but I feel like it's better than
that.

[00:13:36] **Robbie:** You haven't watched, uh, holiday Wars or Holiday Baking
Championship or all of the, there's like three or four different ones and
there's like a gingerbread only one. They're so good. I recommend them.

[00:13:49] **Chuck:** The only, uh, reality TV I've watched recently was, uh,
that show alone where they like drop you out in an exotic location with 10
items. Um, not

[00:13:59] **Robbie:** it's [00:14:00] like bear grills thing,

[00:14:01] **Chuck:** kind of stuff, right? Yeah. But different, um, yeah. So.
You're out there with 10 items, you've gotta figure out how you're gonna get
food. You gotta figure out, uh, your shelter situation.

[00:14:14] **Chuck:** You're usually like in an area with some, like a lot of
them have, uh, they're put out in areas with bears, so grizzly bears, black
bears, whatever else.

[00:14:22] **Robbie:** How long are you out for?

[00:14:23] **Chuck:** one, as long as you can survive and that's what it is,
you're like alone on your own. And

[00:14:29] **Robbie:** wins?

[00:14:30] **Chuck:** last man standing, last person standing wins.

[00:14:33] **Robbie:** drop a bunch of people off at different spots or
something,

[00:14:36] **Chuck:** All over the place. So they never ever have a chance to
like overlap, but um, and it's the last person who survives. And they also can
get pooled for medical reasons though, right? So if they're like checking on
them periodically, they can come and say, okay, you have lost 40% of your body
mass. You are having heart palpitations.

[00:14:57] **Chuck:** Like we have to pull you, you, you

[00:14:58] **Robbie:** Yeah, I would like to [00:15:00] lose 40% of my body
mass. Well, sign me up

[00:15:02] **Chuck:** go out there. should watch the show. Aside from that like
highly desirable benefit, there's a lot of other aspects of it that seem pretty
terrible and you gotta know a

[00:15:11] **Robbie:** Oh yeah.

[00:15:12] **Chuck:** around building a shelter and

[00:15:14] **Robbie:** Oh, I know things. You know I'm an Eagle Scout, right?

[00:15:17] **Chuck:** right?

[00:15:18] **Chuck:** Yeah. So you could bow, hunt, and forage and

[00:15:21] **Robbie:** Mm.

[00:15:21] **Chuck:** identify poisonous things and set up like lines for
fishing and all that. Well, I, you know, no one would guess by looking at you,
but I'm, I.

[00:15:30] **Robbie:** Yeah, no, I mean, I, I could, I could survive. I would
not be liking it. So the thing for me would have to be, what is my benefit? Like
if I'm the last person standing, do I get a million dollars? Oh, that's so low.
Come on. Just the

[00:15:46] **Chuck:** they're really trying

[00:15:47] **Robbie:** episode of the show. Paid for that. Come on.

[00:15:49] **Chuck:** right. Well, of course, like product. I mean, I think
there's a lot of production costs in other aspects of it, but, uh, . And also if
you look at like, these are people who are already kind of trying to [00:16:00]
live a little off the grid or, you know, they're studying or involved in, in
certain very like, um, nuanced, uh, sciences around survival and, and,

[00:16:12] **Robbie:** They live in like a tiny house with like a composting
toilet, so they're used to it.

[00:16:17] **Chuck:** yeah, yeah.

[00:16:18] **Chuck:** Yeah. And then it comes, you know, turns out though, they
go out there and they get a. shock anyway. Or lack of, you know, you gotta, and
you've gotta deal with the loneliness and some other stuff. It's just like, oh,
I'm trying to eat. I'm trying not to freeze. Usually it has extreme
temperatures, like they'll put them in there late summer, and then by the, you
know, and it's, or maybe just in the fall, early fall, and then like 60 days in,
they've hit winter and it's like

[00:16:43] **Robbie:** Oh, right.

[00:16:44] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:16:45] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think about. , they probably don't
let you bring coats or like

[00:16:50] **Chuck:** No, they do. They, you, you, well, you get to bring 10
items total. So it's like, can be, and I don't know.

[00:16:57] **Robbie:** my star link to set up [00:17:00] and just use wifi?

[00:17:02] **Chuck:** Yeah. Right. And then just goo so that you can Google. I
don't know how you're gonna char, I

[00:17:07] **Robbie:** chat. G P T I'm gonna go. Yeah, so solar

[00:17:09] **Chuck:** How do I, how do I win

[00:17:11] **Robbie:** starlink and computer. Three items. Done. Chat G. PT is
gonna do the whole thing for me.

[00:17:16] **Chuck:** Well, so that's on Netflix. That has been a, um, a reality
show that I

[00:17:23] **Robbie:** Yeah, not holiday related at all though.

[00:17:26] **Chuck:** Uhuh, no Guardians of the Galaxy apparently has a holiday
special is supposed to be good. My son and I have talked about watching that

[00:17:33] **Robbie:** you should watch Holiday Wars though. Just one episode.
I, I don't know which one would be a good one to recommend, but it's like they
spend eight hours and they build these like huge cakes and they're. Really
realistic. Like, I mean, they're like cartoony, but they're like super detailed.
Some of them have motion.

[00:17:53] **Robbie:** Sometimes it's, it's fun. I recommend,

[00:17:57] **Chuck:** Okay. Maybe I'll give it one just, [00:18:00] just to have
a discussion point on the show. Maybe the next one. But in general, I'm not
trying to do that. I have, so the new season of Titans came out. I've been
watching that. Yeah. Well each week cuz they do that crap. That's probably the
only other thing in the World Cup.

[00:18:17] **Chuck:** I don't know if you've heard of this, but, uh, every four
years a lot of people like to run around on fields and kick a ball from various
countries and

[00:18:25] **Robbie:** Are you talking about the college football playoffs? Is
that what you're talking

[00:18:29] **Chuck:** no, no. Different, different football ones where you use
your feet to hit the ball.

[00:18:34] **Robbie:** Oh, that sounds like, should call that handball I

[00:18:36] **Chuck:** No. Yeah. Um, egg shape ball is what you're thinking and,
uh, yeah.

[00:18:43] **Chuck:** No, not that one.

[00:18:44] **Robbie:** Yeah. So who I, uh, I think USA is out just from I bet on
USA to make it through. And I didn't win any money, so I'm assuming that they
are out

[00:18:55] **Chuck:** You are an expert at this sport. I can tell. You know a
lot about it. [00:19:00] Um, yeah. So we lost in the. First knockout round, uh,
against the Netherlands.

[00:19:07] **Robbie:** I think the stat was like, they baited me in. They were
like, can the USA make it through for the first time in 20 years or something
like that? And I was like, yeah, maybe. Let's, let's do it. Nip no

[00:19:18] **Chuck:** Yeah. The last time we did was, uh, South Korea, 2002. Um,
I think we made it one more round. Yeah. We would've made it to like

[00:19:27] **Robbie:** So we've always been pretty not great.

[00:19:30] **Chuck:** Yeah, it's interesting. Um, such an athletic country,
right? And we're so good at so many sports, just not this one.

[00:19:37] **Robbie:** It's more of a, it's not an athlete sport though, I would
say like in the terms of like, if you think of someone that lifts all day,
they're not gonna be a good soccer player. It's like a lean, like it's an
athlete sport in terms of cardio and like thinking and like, it's a different
strategy and like, it's not the same as like, I'm gonna play American football.

[00:19:59] **Robbie:** Beat you to [00:20:00] death cuz I'm huge and muscley,
you know, it's not the same kind of thing.

[00:20:03] **Chuck:** Yeah. Although I'll have to send you, um, uh, offline,
I'll have to send you a couple of pictures of a couple of footballers and you
might be surprised that are super jacked and pretty decent. Um, Yeah. Um, but in
general I see what you mean. I mean, it started to sort of blend in altogether.
People are getting stronger in order to like jump higher, kick farther, that
kind of stuff.

[00:20:29] **Chuck:** So starting to use, um, muscle and strength in those ways
that

[00:20:34] **Robbie:** but it's diminishing returns because you have to do a lot
of running back and forth. So the more muscle you're putting on, the more winded
you're gonna get as you're running back and forth and

[00:20:43] **Chuck:** you're carrying that weight, which is, depends on the
position you're in, right? So Christiana Ronaldo one of like the greatest
players of all time. He's got like a, like Michael Jordan, like, uh, jumping and
hang time ability, and he's put a lot of strength training into his [00:21:00]
regimen over. Last X number of years.

[00:21:02] **Chuck:** And so he plays a striker position where he's often not
tracking back, not doing a ton of running. He will at times just sort of jump in
on the team, but his, his position in that is like saving it for these like
crazy headers where he is like jumping over people, essentially.

[00:21:19] **Robbie:** Yeah, I imagine there's a need for both.

[00:21:24] **Chuck:** Indeed. So, yeah, the World Cup, we're not in it anymore,
so you gotta pick your next favorite team.

[00:21:31] **Robbie:** I don't know. I mean, is Brazil still.

[00:21:35] **Chuck:** Yep.

[00:21:36] **Robbie:** I'll choose them just cuz there's a Brazilian guy on the
team I'm working for and uh, he was just talking about like, yeah, the whole
country just shuts down. Everyone's off work, like to watch the match and stuff,
so,

[00:21:46] **Chuck:** Yeah. They've got a very solid team and a good chance of
potentially winning it. Plus they dance a lot. I mean, what's not to like,

[00:21:53] **Robbie:** Yeah. I mean, he's a nice guy and they seem fun as a
culture, so we'll go with them. [00:22:00] Um, but anyway, let's talk about more
actual holiday stuff. So since you don't watch any holiday shows, do you, uh, as
a family, do you do holiday movies at all or.

[00:22:10] **Chuck:** Um, so my wife's maiden name is Griswold. So those, uh,
that tends to get some airplay on a regular basis. Uh, yeah, we'll watch holiday
movies. Like the kids really like the Grinch, there's like three different
versions of it now.

[00:22:24] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:22:25] **Chuck:** Uh, they actually tend to gravitate to the, uh, Jim Carey.
So they like the live action versus the newest one.

[00:22:32] **Chuck:** Yeah. Um, I'm og I mean, I remember it being on, uh, on
tv, the, the actual like cartoon every year, not the

[00:22:40] **Robbie:** I like the cartoon cuz it's short and it's, it's
basically like the book, but like in a cartoon, so it's like 30 minutes. Um, I
don't know. The, the gym carry one's good too, but it's just, it's a lot longer.
It's just a different feel. It doesn't feel as classic. Maybe it's just
nostalgia for me, but it's, it doesn't feel the same.[00:23:00]

[00:23:00] **Chuck:** Yeah. Um, we watch Frosty the Snowman. We will, yeah.
We'll watch all those like old stop animation ones too. Um, usually, I think
mostly, yeah. Rudolph is the one, I always forget the name of the studio that
did all those things, but I know that they were the inspiration for the movie
Elf. Like they

[00:23:20] **Robbie:** Oh, really?

[00:23:21] **Chuck:** and stuff like that.

[00:23:22] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. There's a whole, I think there's a documentary
about it.

[00:23:26] **Robbie:** So that's a, that ties it back into the theme of this
podcast. I don't know if you've seen it yet. Have you seen Spirit?

[00:23:32] **Chuck:** No, I

[00:23:34] **Robbie:** You'll have to watch it before we finish this series of
Advent Ones and we can talk about it. But um, yeah, I won't, I won't say
anything about it until you've watched it, but it's

[00:23:41] **Chuck:** I'm hearing very good things.

[00:23:43] **Robbie:** It's very good. It has Ryan Reynolds and that's all you
need,

[00:23:46] **Chuck:** yeah, he's pretty funny. I just thought it was like, man,
it looks so campy and maybe he's just trying to collect a little more REM money.
I don't know. But, uh,

[00:23:55] **Robbie:** I think. I didn't really ha know what to expect. It's
different than I thought it was [00:24:00] gonna be, but I think. Different in a
good way, in many different good ways. Like it's, it's good. It's not what you
would expect. There are some things like you're thinking, but it's not, not the
whole thing.

[00:24:13] **Chuck:** Okay. Fair enough. Spirited, better than Spirit. The
horse.

[00:24:19] **Robbie:** Uh, I don't know, spirit, the horse.

[00:24:21] **Chuck:** It was a, some cartoon on Netflix.

[00:24:24] **Robbie:** Hmm. Yeah. I'm probably not gonna watch that.

[00:24:27] **Chuck:** Not yet. Wait until your son gets a little older.

[00:24:32] **Robbie:** Well, we're gonna have Disney plus on repeat. I know
that.

[00:24:35] **Chuck:** For sure. We have that. That makes sense. Track.

[00:24:39] **Robbie:** Yeah. I mean, I don't remember a ton from when I was a
kid, but I know that I watched my fair share of Disney movies back when they
were on VHS and laser discs. So, uh, I don't think that anything's gonna have
changed, except for you don't have to put in a thing to watch it anymore.

[00:24:55] **Robbie:** You just press a button.

[00:24:57] **Chuck:** You don't have to flip the disc.[00:25:00]

[00:25:01] **Robbie:** Yeah, we had Jungle Book on laser disc and that was my
favorite. And I, I had to watch, I wanted to watch it all the time and I would
go to like the basement door cause it was in the basement and like, uh, be like,
Belu belu. Like I want to watch the watch him. Um,

[00:25:18] **Chuck:** aou is a bear. Wasl means to mix.

[00:25:23] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:25:24] **Chuck:** There. There was this, uh, like in grade school there used
to be this like aptitude test that they would give you once a year. And I can
just remember that some of the, uh, a younger is a young man. These words, they
would repeat to you and then later on they would ask you the questions about
them and see if you memorize them from

[00:25:43] **Robbie:** remember it, uh, I would do badly at that, especially
these days. I'm so ADHD now that the internet exists,

[00:25:51] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm.

[00:25:52] **Robbie:** but. I used to be able to remember stuff.

[00:25:54] **Chuck:** Yeah. It's not necessary anymore.

[00:25:57] **Robbie:** Yeah. Um, [00:26:00] yeah. So I guess still in holiday
vein, are there any, like, do you guys make any specific cookies, have any
traditions you do or fun holiday things?

[00:26:11] **Chuck:** Uh, I mean, we, we do a number of holiday things. Um, the
day after Thanksgiving, we always put up all of our holiday decorations. Um, we
have been going up to Flagstaff, uh, the last couple of years do this thing
called the North Pole Experience. So we'll go up and, uh, and you go to this
hotel. And you get boarded on a coach and the sides are like all wrapped and
kind of blacked out.

[00:26:37] **Chuck:** So they have lights and they have TV things there, and
they have a elf, which is like, uh, on your, uh, trolley. To take you to the
North Pole. So they have this whole thing where it like, seems like you're going
through a portal and you get to the North Pole and you go through and you get to
do like, help Santa make toys and see his original workshop.

[00:26:56] **Chuck:** And uh, Mrs. Claus will make some [00:27:00] snacks for
you on a break. And then you go to the Elf University and then eventually you
see Santa in the end and you get to like do the normal, sit on his lap, ask him
for a thing, you get a teddy bear, go back through the portal.

[00:27:11] **Robbie:** So it's like polar express in real life, almost.

[00:27:15] **Chuck:** Although here we have the train from Williams to the Grand
Canyon, and during the Christmas season they turn it into the Polar Express,

[00:27:22] **Robbie:** Ooh.

[00:27:23] **Chuck:** so you get the actual Polar Express experience too.

[00:27:26] **Chuck:** But we've been doing this other thing with the North Pole.

[00:27:29] **Robbie:** Hmm. Yeah, we'll have to look into, I think there's a
bunch of different places that do Polar Express and I think that sounds really
fun. I mean, I don't, I don't know if Fin will like it or not, but it sounds fun
for me. Be on a train and like do all that stuff. Um, so yeah, I don't know. We
did get the, uh, polar Express.

[00:27:51] **Robbie:** Which, because Finn is still so young and yells at
everything, he, uh, we have not made it through the whole thing yet. Um,
[00:28:00] we've read some of it. Um, yeah. Caitlin does a lot of, uh,
gingerbread house making,

[00:28:08] **Chuck:** Oh yes, we do do that. We do a like, I feel like we do a
house on like every damn holiday. Now you get like a gingerbread Easter house

[00:28:16] **Robbie:** Oh yeah. They've been trying to

[00:28:17] **Chuck:** Halloween house. We did a Halloween one.

[00:28:20] **Robbie:** that. I did see it, uh, I don't know if you've been to
Target recently, but they have a build a gingerbread target like Kit

[00:28:29] **Chuck:** no

[00:28:30] **Robbie:** Um, yeah.

[00:28:31] **Chuck:** That's

[00:28:32] **Robbie:** uh, yeah, last, I'm trying to think what, what year was
what? I don't remember if it was, I think last year Caitlin made a, uh, Like a
city, like a few buildings, um, like a downtown.

[00:28:45] **Robbie:** And then they had like, uh, jolly Ranchers that were
melted for the windows and like it was all elaborate. And then I think the year
before she did like a big cathedral and it had big like stained glass windows
and we had like a T light inside, so it was like lit up and stuff. And
[00:29:00] uh, she goes all out. It takes like several days of.

[00:29:04] **Chuck:** This is, um, this is kind of like where you guys did a
bunch of Legos through Covid

[00:29:10] **Robbie:** Oh, we do that too. Yeah.

[00:29:12] **Chuck:** lockdowns. Yeah.

[00:29:13] **Robbie:** Yeah. I think, uh, so they, I didn't realize when they
had started, I think it was many years ago actually. But they make a new
Christmas, Lego every year now. And it's like, I think this year is like a, a
little city scape where it's like a few things for like a, a city or whatever,
but they.

[00:29:31] **Robbie:** Last, or either last year or the year before, they did
like a gingerbread house in Legos and we did that one. So that's gonna be our
new tradition is like every year we're gonna get the one they put out and it's
like, instead of like doing a puzzle as a family or whatever you do like the
Legos. So that's our new thing.

[00:29:48] **Chuck:** Nice. Very nice.

[00:29:50] **Robbie:** Yeah. All right. Well, we're about at time, so we'll end
it here. We'll think of more things to talk about next time and [00:30:00] see
you.
