[00:00:00] **Robbie:** What's going on everybody? Welcome to Whiskey Web and
whatnot. Advent of Whiskey Edition, episode number five. Today we have Whiskey's
11, 12, and 13 to try, which are from Ireland and the US it seems like. So.
Should be good. And I guess we can introduce ourselves. We do that every time.
I'm Robbie still and that's still Chuck.

[00:00:27] **Robbie:** If you've been listening, we're the same people. Um,
let's jump into it.

[00:00:33] **Chuck:** Someday. I'm gonna be someone else.

[00:00:35] **Robbie:** Yeah. Maybe next episode we can be different people.

[00:00:39] **Chuck:** right. We can be the Irishman. Uh, this comes from, uh,
Walsh Whiskey. It is actually called the Irishman, um, not age stated. It's a
blended whiskey and it is only 80 proof, so a little lower on that stage of
things. Um, oh, here we go. It's a [00:01:00] blend of 70% single malt and 30%
single pot still spirits aged in Burman cask.

[00:01:08] **Chuck:** This twist on a classic adds a very nice and layered
complexity. We'll, ill be the judge of that.

[00:01:15] **Robbie:** All right.

[00:01:16] **Chuck:** Smell

[00:01:17] **Robbie:** had forgotten to do my rating on the other one on the
app, so I did that real quick.

[00:01:22] **Chuck:** Perfect. Okay. Hm. I don't know.

[00:01:41] **Robbie:** It smells like, uh, sour Skittles.

[00:01:50] **Chuck:** Hmm. I would've got, I would've said a little fruity, but
Skittles, sour Skittles. [00:02:00] That's

[00:02:00] **Robbie:** Like you just opened a pack of sour Skittles. You're
ready to tear your mouth up. And

[00:02:06] **Chuck:** That's what it

[00:02:07] **Robbie:** it's what it feels like to me.

[00:02:08] **Chuck:** Interesting. I don't, I didn't even know there were sour
Skittles. I

[00:02:11] **Robbie:** Oh, you're missing out. I.

[00:02:21] **Chuck:** It's pretty mellow, pretty mild there. Little vanilla

[00:02:25] **Robbie:** taste like sour Skittles.

[00:02:27] **Chuck:** Not at all. No sourness whatsoever. Not really. Even
getting the fruitiness. I'm getting a little bitter like citrus Rhine and I'm
getting a little vanilla. Um, and then it just kind of finishes pretty weekly,
so it's okay.

[00:02:46] **Robbie:** Yeah, it's not much burn. Maybe a little floral or.

[00:02:51] **Chuck:** Yeah. A little spice at the end, but then it just doesn't
burn. A little spice at the end, but no burn for me,

[00:02:58] **Robbie:** It kind of tastes like, uh, [00:03:00] you know, those
edible flowers they put on plates sometimes a little bit of.

[00:03:04] **Chuck:** Hmm. Yeah, so it's not bad. It, um, I think the most
interesting part for me is just that little tinge of vanilla though, and, and
then it goes away pretty quickly. So I guess it's refreshing in a way and, and
that, um, but not that interesting to me. I'm gonna get it like a four for Irish
whiskeys.

[00:03:25] **Robbie:** Yeah, I would concur. It's a four, so I give that a
negative two on the app and we'll say, Uh, fruity.

[00:03:36] **Chuck:** Fruity Fructose. The next one is a Texas Whiskey. B Cones
or Alcon. Alcon is balconies.

[00:03:50] **Robbie:** we had one of those and, uh, we were try , I think Rupi
told us how to say it, but I forget.

[00:03:55] **Chuck:** Mm. Uh, we might have even had this one actually, cuz this
[00:04:00] one is the lineage Lineage. American Single Walt. Single Malt. Geez.
Um, so it's 47%, uh, it's a single malt whiskey, uh, no age statement. I feel
like we, this is the one we had.

[00:04:13] **Robbie:** Actually, no, we didn't. I don't think we got their malt.
That's what we were trying to get, I think. And they, we didn't, couldn't find
it.

[00:04:20] **Chuck:** Mm. Okay. Well here it is. I guess. I guess I'm wrong.
Ooh,

[00:04:27] **Robbie:** my other whiskey.

[00:04:28] **Chuck:** that's fine. I'm not finishing. I'm moving ahead a little.
Hmm. I feel like a little apple pie or something in that one Glen car and see
what happens. Yeah, apple pie.

[00:04:47] **Robbie:** Let's see.

[00:04:49] **Chuck:** Yeah, this one could be interesting.

[00:04:52] **Robbie:** Oh. It smells like a tire shop,

[00:04:56] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:04:57] **Robbie:** lots of rubber, lots of, [00:05:00] uh,

[00:05:01] **Chuck:** that's hilarious.

[00:05:01] **Robbie:** oil and carburetors, catalytic converters. It smells

[00:05:06] **Chuck:** actually like, I like those smells, but I'm not getting
any of that at all.

[00:05:10] **Robbie:** Um, I'm not now, now it, it's turned it's much worse

[00:05:16] **Chuck:** Well, I'm getting apple pie. That's all I can tell

[00:05:18] **Robbie:** There's. A lot of vinegar. Um, like a kagy, saue, crowdy

[00:05:26] **Chuck:** Oh, this is from Texas, not India. Anybody who listened to
the first set of episodes,

[00:05:32] **Robbie:** but it's their malt. And like, that's, this is like that
one, uh, that was my worst one.

[00:05:43] **Chuck:** I don't know. I'm not getting that. I got a little
nuttiness

[00:05:47] **Robbie:** tastes better than it smell.

[00:05:49] **Chuck:** Maybe you got it cold. It's a little weird at the end. It
gets a little woody at the end, but in the beginning it's kind of got some
nuttiness to it. a [00:06:00] little like hardier seeming. Yeah. Don't taste the
apples. It's got a little bitter at the end.

[00:06:08] **Robbie:** It tastes like a burger,

[00:06:11] **Chuck:** Hmm. I love burgers.

[00:06:13] **Robbie:** bit of meat.

[00:06:15] **Chuck:** I think we've talked about this at some point or another
where Yeah, it does have like a little meat and potatoes kind of feel to it. Um,
where burgers is like one of my favorite foods anyway.

[00:06:28] **Robbie:** Yeah. I'm actually gonna be making some red meat tonight,
so,

[00:06:33] **Chuck:** Ah, I see. Um, so how do we categorize this one? This is
an American single malt. It's not like, so it's not a scotch comparison. It's
not a bourbon, it's not a rye. It would be just considered like American whiskey
if you

[00:06:47] **Robbie:** Yeah, but I think it's kind of in the scotch category.
Like I know it's not a hundred percent the same, but compared to classic SCOs, I
would prefer this.

[00:06:58] **Chuck:** Right. Yeah, but I think you would just [00:07:00] say
like, that's in the same way where you'd say, compared to classic scotches, I
would prefer a rye. Well, yes, of course. And this is, you know, so I just don't
know that I, I can put that in the same category there. Let's see if I

[00:07:13] **Robbie:** I mean, we could, we could start categorizing by single
malt, I guess.

[00:07:19] **Chuck:** Yeah, that could be a kind Nashville categorized by
Nashville.

[00:07:22] **Robbie:** Yeah. That's kind of what we do, but like we've also been
doing geography as well.

[00:07:28] **Chuck:** Yeah. Um, well, I think for, I don't know, just an
American whiskey, it's a little different. Um, I don't mind it. I think it's, I
think it's interesting. I don't think, I'm not like, whoa blown way, but the
smell was nice, the initial like flavor of it. I can see like after a nice hardy
dinner sipping on a little of this, um, a little torn cuz I'm getting stricter
in my,

[00:07:58] **Robbie:** Cool.

[00:07:58] **Chuck:** my ratings.

[00:07:59] **Chuck:** But I'm [00:08:00] like five or six. I'm gonna go five.

[00:08:04] **Robbie:** Yeah, I don't know. I don't love it, so I don't know why,
but I feel like it should be a six because it feels versatile. It, it feels like
it would be great after a big stake. Um,

[00:08:18] **Chuck:** I really like the first sip of it and I think like it just
a little, little bit lets me down the rest of the way. So this is one. Maybe
other where's

[00:08:27] **Robbie:** Interesting for everyone to like try a little of, I don't
think you would want to sip on it all night.

[00:08:31] **Chuck:** right, if you find yourself in Austin, I think is where
BALs is. Then Balcones, which is what

[00:08:39] **Robbie:** Bow cones,

[00:08:42] **Chuck:** battle ball cones. Balconies don't

[00:08:47] **Robbie:** It's, yes. Bal is whiskey.

[00:08:50] **Chuck:** B is whiskey. It's perfect. Alrighty. Yeah,

[00:08:53] **Robbie:** right, so yeah, let me say, let's see. Sorry, I have to
write this on [00:09:00] the app. Blah, blah, blah, blah,

[00:09:01] **Chuck:** So, top of mind for, um, things in tech, uh, in this
short. Amount of time, uh, it seems to be essentially chat, g p t doing all
kinds of different things, including like responding to emails and writing
programming things and whatever else. And we were at a loss because we're doing
so many of these episodes, uh, in a row.

[00:09:23] **Chuck:** Um, as to additional tech topics, like what, what is new
and happening and, and, um, so I just tried to type into chat, g p t. Can you
give me some suggestions on topics for a technology podcast? And, uh, it, it
kind of underwhelmed me. I mean, I, I, it had a very distinct, uh, lengthy
response, but it was kind of like high level bullet points, right?

[00:09:47] **Chuck:** Like, have guests on, uh, ask them questions or talk about
trending news in technology or, you know, things like that, which happens to be
just chat G B T. So maybe it's just that's [00:10:00] how they internally, uh,
keep themselves relevant. Talk about us.

[00:10:06] **Robbie:** Yeah. I don't know. I think, um, It's just that it's not
necessarily good at answering the exact question, uh, as phrased. So it's kind
of like, maybe we should say more like, uh, what are the top 10 articles on dev
dot two? Or like, what has WEBO tweeted about in the past week? Um, stuff like
that.

[00:10:32] **Chuck:** Mm. Yeah, that's true. That'd be very specific. Maybe we
can figure that out. What has Wes talked about in the last week? Um,

[00:10:40] **Robbie:** Well, he talked about the Eyedropper API and I was like,
Hey, we use that in Swatch and he liked it cuz everything that I post is he
likes, like, on stuff that he's posted. Like I, I still want to know if he's
actually going through and clicking the likes or if something does that for
him.[00:11:00]

[00:11:01] **Chuck:** feel like maybe a direct, maybe a DM is the way to solve
that problem. I don't know.

[00:11:07] **Robbie:** Yeah. No. You don't think he listens to this where I'm
asking if he's doing that. I don't know. I, I don't, I don't think he's ever
listened personally. But

[00:11:18] **Chuck:** he's a listen to at least one episode. I would, I'd be

[00:11:20] **Robbie:** the one he was on,

[00:11:22] **Chuck:** Yeah, sure. Um,

[00:11:24] **Robbie:** I don't know. He did say it is like a format he would
listen to, but then we do shit. Not know what to talk about and ask Chat g p t,
so probably lost them there.

[00:11:35] **Chuck:** Well here, here's how I use Caddy Server to get local
HTTPS and a custom domain without port numbers. Super simple.

[00:11:44] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:11:45] **Chuck:** This would solve an issue with H T T P S across local dev
for next js? Possibly. That's what it makes me think of. I did have a thing I
was going to ask you about. So I was thinking about this like the other day for
whatever reason, [00:12:00] so like, Get Lab is a pretty holistic, um, product
in terms of like, not just hosting, um, get repositories, but like having, it's
pretty feature rich, right?

[00:12:13] **Chuck:** With like the documentation side of it with the built in C
I C D, things like that. So what, what do you think, why do you think, what do
you think is holding back GitLab as a more pervasive product in the open source
world?

[00:12:29] **Robbie:** Um, I think it's a lot of things. I think one thing, uh,
I actually haven't used GitLab a ton because, um, I haven't wanted to use it,
but, um, maybe you could tell me if you've used it more. Does it, it doesn't
have as much of a system, I think around. Gamification of like, I need to get my
graph green. I'm going to follow all the devs I like, I'm going to like see what
projects they have, make sure their graphs are green.

[00:12:58] **Robbie:** We're all doing this like open [00:13:00] source thing
together. Um, like that community feel. So it's like there's a lot of aspects to
that and I think some of it is, What's the word? Like the cool factor of like,
if, if you want to be cool, like, okay, yeah, I can build my own, uh, platform
that shows what I've worked on, but if no one uses it, but like 10 people, then
how cool can I be? I can't like show it off to everyone and. . show all the
stuff I've worked on, and it's, it's just like the default place where most
things go.

[00:13:36] **Robbie:** So it's, it's similar coolness factor, honestly, to like
how React stays popular, where it's just like, because everyone uses it, it's
popular and I don't think that's gonna change. Even if you made like a really
amazing platform that did better than it does because it's what we're used to.
And they keep adding new features like they're.

[00:13:58] **Robbie:** Done and you know, [00:14:00] like use it or don't they
keep making it better. So

[00:14:04] **Robbie:** I don't know.

[00:14:05] **Chuck:** I mean, it has a lot of parity in terms of features. I do
feel like there's like a social element that's somehow kind of missing, cuz you
do have like, uh, an activity chart, you know, with, with little blocks of
various colors, you know, for how busy and effective you've been. You have
followers and you can follow other people and things like

[00:14:26] **Robbie:** talking about GitLab right now,

[00:14:27] **Chuck:** Get lab. Yeah. So there's parody there on a lot of these
things, but it feels like. It's just not, you know,

[00:14:37] **Robbie:** yeah. I thought you were gonna say something there, but
so it, uh, To me, it's the analogy I would give it. And it's not a great analogy
these days cuz I think a lot of people have left Facebook, but it's like, you
know, everyone has a new startup idea and oh, it's Facebook for X and I wanna
make this new Facebook clone.

[00:14:54] **Robbie:** And okay, well like, why would someone use it? Cuz
Facebook exists, right? Like [00:15:00] if you make one that's way, way better.
The argument, I think from people, like some people might try it and go like, oh
yeah, this is kind of cool. But then the argument would be, well, all my friends
are on Facebook, so like if I want to talk to them, I stay there.

[00:15:13] **Robbie:** And it's kind of similar on GitHub, I think like all the
big projects are there. It's easy to contribute to everything. Why would I wanna
move from it other than like, I don't even remember what the big scandals were.
I, I guess it was that like GitHub, uh, that ice used GitHub or something, and

[00:15:31] **Chuck:** there was some of that. So yes, there was um, some, I
guess you would say more old dilemmas around that. But there also was apparently
like a culture. There was some culture issues around, um, with the way like
junior engineers were taught and also the way minorities and females were, were
treated, uh, within the organization.

[00:15:52] **Chuck:** I think there was like some potential sexual harassment
things. I don't recall. I might be way more than it was, but [00:16:00] I, I,
yeah. I think that there were some kind of big issues

[00:16:03] **Robbie:** Hmm. Okay. So yeah.

[00:16:05] **Chuck:** Yeah, projected in the public and then you. I, I would
imagine things maybe different now being part of like the giant conglomerate
that is Microsoft.

[00:16:15] **Chuck:** I think that's the appealing thing about GitLab for me, is
it's just like really, is it just gonna be everything Microsoft we just use now?
Like they won. In the end we are like, no, we're gonna use Mac and Linux and
we're not buying your licenses and we don't want your stuff. And they're like,
well then we'll just buy the stuff you do use.

[00:16:36] **Robbie:** I, yeah, I've, I've turned the corner on that cuz I admit
that like most stuff Microsoft does is really good. It's like, it's just windows
that's not good. And even they know that

[00:16:49] **Chuck:** Yeah,

[00:16:50] **Robbie:** so,

[00:16:50] **Chuck:** used Windows in a pretty long time, so maybe it's come
around

[00:16:55] **Robbie:** It hasn't.

[00:16:55] **Chuck:** No. Okay.

[00:16:56] **Robbie:** I have to use it occasionally, like to play some games
[00:17:00] because not every game works on Mac. Yeah, it's just gross.

[00:17:04] **Robbie:** It's hard to use. Like I think they're, they're kind of
stuck cuz they have a lot of like older users, probably like, my parents like to
use Windows even though like I keep telling them not to because the New Mac
stuff is very much like an iPad and they're on their iPads all the time, so it's
like, it would be very familiar to you, but they just don't believe me and
they're like, I like my start menu and I want know where the stuff is and my
documents and whatever.

[00:17:32] **Robbie:** Like, okay. So I think there's like, windows is kind of
tied to, if we changed all that and made it actually good, a lot of our user
base would go, where's my documents? Like, where's the stuff like, um, they, so
they can't do that cuz their user base is very like, enterprise old school. We
don't want it to change.

[00:17:51] **Robbie:** We just maybe want you to change the look of it
occasionally a little and like add some features. So I don't know. They would
have to like release a [00:18:00] new operating system, like an alternate that's
like, this isn't Windows anymore, this is whatever. And like it's totally
different. You can still use the old windows.

[00:18:09] **Robbie:** We're gonna support it forever because you guys like it
for some

[00:18:12] **Chuck:** Well, or at least like the next 20 years, give or take,
because Okay, boomer.

[00:18:17] **Robbie:** Yeah, yeah. But like, I don't know, it's, it's also hard
because of the game thing, or it's like most games will run on Windows because
that was kind of what most people had, so it made more sense to build them for
that and like they would work better with graphics cards or whatever.

[00:18:34] **Robbie:** But I think all that's turning a corner too, so it's kind
of hard to say where things might go. Um, but yeah.

[00:18:44] **Chuck:** So there you go. There you have it. Um, everything but
windows doesn't suck so bad. I don't know. I think GitHub actions are like
harder than they should be, but,

[00:18:55] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. But I think all CI is, I haven't used GitLab
[00:19:00] built in stuff. I don't know if it lets you debug easier.

[00:19:03] **Chuck:** um, well, so stuff will like, start running on your
feature branch for starters, so you can kind of like test how it runs a little
easier and have some cycles there. Um, yeah. I think it's a little, I don't
know, it's all yaml right. But, uh, yeah, I just feel like developing your
configuration files for GET Labs is a little simpler.

[00:19:31] **Robbie:** Yeah, I think, I think the missing piece is all of them
need first to not let you commit. Broken yammel, like if I have the wrong number
of spaces, just say no. Be like I have analyzed your get push. Your get push is
wrong. Please try again. Like, um, and then, you know, that helps that case. But
then also they need a tool for, uh, hypothetical runs of.[00:20:00]

[00:20:00] **Robbie:** You know, I don't want to have to commit it all. I just
want like an interactive, build my file and I want you to do it. Theoretical
actions run that tells me what happens so I can change it more on the fly
instead of like, change one line. Commit. Wait for everything to build. This is
wrong. Do change one line.

[00:20:17] **Robbie:** Commit. Like there should be a, um, don't actually run
everything, run like lighter versions somehow and

[00:20:25] **Chuck:** Like a dry run and not in a container somehow. Yeah,

[00:20:28] **Robbie:** like you don't need to install Chrome every time. Like
you might in the real one just do like, have like a bare bones chrome API that's
sort of compliant that does some things or whatever.

[00:20:39] **Chuck:** maybe that's the SaaS product we can create and finally
have, so,

[00:20:44] **Robbie:** well, I mean, if you've got like a year to develop it, I
think, uh, that sounds doable. Uh,

[00:20:50] **Chuck:** free time coming up. Robbie got a lot of free time coming
up.

[00:20:55] **Robbie:** So I don't know. I mean, I think that would really help
because I remember it's definitely not [00:21:00] GitHub specific cuz when we
were using Travis, uh, at a previous company, I think I had like 200 plus
commits of like trying to get Travis to work, trying to get Travis to work
because I was trying to do something complex where like I would push stuff and I
wanted Travis.

[00:21:16] **Robbie:** Branch and open like a behind the scenes PR or something
and like generate some stuff and merge everything together. Like he was doing a
lot of complex stuff and I would just have to try one line at a time and see
like, did it do it? And if it did, like move to the next line. And it was very
tedious.

[00:21:35] **Chuck:** Yeah, well, uh, uh, good Lab actually has a, um, yammel
config analyzer, so it'll tell you if there are problems in it. So it would
catch simple things like syntax errors, obviously wouldn't be able to tell you
other things like, oh, you chose the wrong, uh, node. Version for your Docker
container, and so it doesn't actually [00:22:00] have whatever package installed
and so you either need to change which version of node you're using or install
that dependency on the side or things like that.

[00:22:08] **Chuck:** I wouldn't really get, so I could see if it would get
those things. That'd be pretty cool.

[00:22:14] **Robbie:** Yeah, I think, I think GitHub has gotten smarter with
theirs. I think it does have, like if you're editing it online in the GitHub
gooey, it'll say like, this is not formatted right or whatever. But I think it
still lets you commit it, which I'm like, Why, you know it's not gonna run, I
guess cuz someone probably complains if you do the other way and is like, oh,
well I just wanted to save my progress.

[00:22:37] **Robbie:** I know it's not gonna run like blah, blah blah. So they,
they can't ever win.

[00:22:42] **Chuck:** It's true. You'll never make all the people happy.

[00:22:45] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:22:45] **Chuck:** make most of the people unhappy.

[00:22:49] **Robbie:** Yeah. I don't know. This is why we don't have products.

[00:22:53] **Chuck:** can't agree on implementation that would actually get
used. Fair enough. So it's the [00:23:00] holiday.

[00:23:02] **Robbie:** Yeah. Do we want to do holiday trivia or do we wanna make
this one extra short and do holiday trivia in the next one?

[00:23:09] **Chuck:** Well, let's do a little holiday trivia now. Maybe we can
do more

[00:23:11] **Robbie:** right, we'll do, we'll do a teaser if you like these
questions. There will be more in the next one. So let me find a couple for you.

[00:23:18] **Chuck:** Even if you don't like them, we won't get your feedback in
time, so, sorry.

[00:23:23] **Robbie:** Oh wow. There's a lot of stuff about Kwan on here and I
don't know anything about Kwanza,

[00:23:29] **Chuck:** Okay.

[00:23:30] **Robbie:** so those will be fun. We'll save those for next one.
Let's do something more

[00:23:34] **Chuck:** Yeah, a warmup,

[00:23:36] **Robbie:** Um, okay. Well, this one's probably gonna be hard too,
but when was the term Xmi invented?

[00:23:48] **Chuck:** 1973.

[00:23:52] **Robbie:** Okay. Um,

[00:23:56] **Chuck:** to shrink down Christmas for the A line of cards that
[00:24:00] was non-standard format.

[00:24:01] **Robbie:** no, I'm guessing there was a, unless you actually know
that it sounded kind of legit. Um, I'm gonna guess that it was like they wanted
to take Christ out of it, like make it non religiou.

[00:24:16] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:24:16] **Robbie:** it's just like a generic thing, but also probably to
shorten it. Like you don't have to type the whole thing or write as much.

[00:24:24] **Robbie:** Um, so I'm gonna guess, I don't know. I mean, you've been
around longer than I have. Has it always been a thing for you?

[00:24:34] **Chuck:** as far as I can remember,

[00:24:36] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:24:36] **Chuck:** feels like,

[00:24:38] **Robbie:** Then I'm gonna say 1925

[00:24:41] **Chuck:** hm.

[00:24:41] **Robbie:** when, uh,

[00:24:43] **Chuck:** Along with the Red Santa Coca-Cola wanted to, for their
advertisements to again, take Christ out of it and make it about the big red
man.

[00:24:51] **Robbie:** Yeah. Let's see. Oh wow. Okay. The mid 15 hundreds, a
really, really long time ago,

[00:24:59] **Chuck:** Okay.

[00:24:59] **Robbie:** um, [00:25:00] by the Greeks that says Fun fact, Creo and
Greek begins with the letter X. So it's like a shortening of the. Pronunciation
or something. His exus, I guess.

[00:25:12] **Chuck:** Wow. Um, they also must have created the first team of
mutant superheroes.

[00:25:21] **Robbie:** Yes, I

[00:25:22] **Chuck:** The cri, they used to be known as the Christman, and then
they became

[00:25:26] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, alright, one more. Let's see. Um,

[00:25:38] **Robbie:** Uh oh. That's a easy one, but we'll, we'll do an easy
one. What were frosty The snowman's first words.

[00:25:47] **Chuck:** happy birthday,

[00:25:49] **Robbie:** Yep. I'm pretty, I'll check the answer just to be sure,
but I'm pretty sure that's right.

[00:25:53] **Chuck:** and I've already seen that three times this season,

[00:25:58] **Robbie:** season.

[00:25:58] **Chuck:** Yeah, we bought [00:26:00] it. So no, no. We talked about
getting to that, but we were gonna try and wrap up some, uh, some other, we had
been watching the vow on h bmx, which is about like this kind of crazy cult
cultish thing. Women got branded with this guy's initials. Yeah.

[00:26:18] **Robbie:** it a real, like a true story?

[00:26:20] **Chuck:** Yes.

[00:26:22] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:26:22] **Chuck:** Yeah. Crazy.

[00:26:26] **Robbie:** All right, well, we'll make this one a little shorter.
We'll end it here and we can get to more holiday trivia next time. So stay tuned
for the next episode tomorrow if you want to find out things like, which is more
popular for gift purchasing Black Friday or Cyber Monday.

[00:26:43] **Robbie:** And what is the highest grossing Christmas movie? Fun
things like that.

[00:26:48] **Chuck:** Die

[00:26:48] **Robbie:** Uh,

[00:26:49] **Chuck:** Happy

[00:26:49] **Robbie:** Yep,

[00:26:50] **Chuck:** Let's do you.

[00:26:52] **Robbie:** All right. We'll catch you tomorrow. See you.
