[00:00:00] **Robbie:** Welcome to Whiskey Web and whatnot. Advent of Whiskey
Edition. This is day six, I think. Yes, day six. Um, it's hard to keep track.
We're doing a lot of episodes here and. We have Mr. Charles, William Carpenter
ii alongside myself, Robbie Wagner. We're going to be doing whiskey's 13 and 14
today, which are from the USA and Japan seems to be a common theme.

[00:00:31] **Chuck:** Hmm. Well, there are certain areas of the world that tend
to make a lot or almost all of the whiskeys.

[00:00:37] **Robbie:** Yeah. Where's the South American? Whiskey or the, uh, I
guess Russia, you wouldn't be able to get anything from anymore cuz they hate
everyone, but, uh, other people have to make it right.

[00:00:49] **Chuck:** yep. Yeah, I think a lot of places do. I just don't know
that if it gets much distribution or, uh, I have not had a South American
whiskey though, to be fair. I'm not [00:01:00] saying they don't have it. I have
had, um, gin that was distilled in Argentina and it was pretty good so,

[00:01:07] **Robbie:** Yeah, I think a lot of places probably make it for their
local population and they don't know how it would do exported, and they don't
really care. They're just like, we make it, we like it. It's fine.

[00:01:22] **Robbie:** All right. So let's do number 13. Tell us about 13 Chuck.

[00:01:30] **Chuck:** bring up that page. I was not prepared for this part.
Okay, here we go. Uh, noble Oak Rye whiskey. So you might like this one. Um,
let's see here. It looks like it's out of Ohio. Um, it is matured in white oak
casts and port wine saves, uh, 48%. Um, got a little little kick to it. Um,
nothing about the mash bill though.

[00:01:59] **Robbie:** So [00:02:00] that makes a lot of sense because I was
gonna say that it smells a lot like an ice wine on the nose, so that port
probably gives it some of that.

[00:02:12] **Chuck:** So they,

[00:02:13] **Robbie:** sweet deserty.

[00:02:16] **Chuck:** yeah, I get that. I get a little cinnamon and a little
like sweet. Like what kind of, I'm

[00:02:25] **Robbie:** like, um, like dates or uh,

[00:02:30] **Chuck:** there you

[00:02:30] **Robbie:** berries, syrupy, sweet fruit, dried fruit.

[00:02:34] **Chuck:** Yeah. So it looks like it's matured in chart oak barrels
for a year, and then they add the STAs. Um, doesn't really tell you any timeline
on that, but still sounds interesting. And they plant a tree for every bottle
sold,

[00:02:50] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:02:51] **Chuck:** that's nice.

[00:02:58] **Robbie:** It's very mild flavor [00:03:00] for a rye.

[00:03:02] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah, I definitely get that little spice there.
Yeah. I'm getting like some, what is that? Um, there's like the 21 Chinese spice
blend thing, but it also always ends up having like, An like a niece or
something in it, right?

[00:03:24] **Robbie:** Yeah, it's, it's hard for me to differentiate cause a lot
of that is so similar and you get a lot of them together in, in everything. But
yeah, there's a little, um, yeah.

[00:03:38] **Chuck:** Yeah. The sweetness that I smelled has gone away in the
taste, so it definitely has a little like earthiness to it and. For a higher
proof. It really kind of is smooth going down though,

[00:03:55] **Robbie:** Yeah, I was gonna say it's, it doesn't feel high
proof.[00:04:00]

[00:04:02] **Robbie:** Yeah. I can't really, it's not hitting me with any
flavors.

[00:04:11] **Robbie:** I.

[00:04:18] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm just imagining like a homemade soda with like
some, uh, little bit of, you know, um, roots of some kind, maybe some dates and
like, yeah, I guess some, some of the spice blend of some type. I can't put my
finger on what kind, but it's like a very. . I don't know. It feels like an old
school homemade drink of

[00:04:45] **Chuck:** Yeah, like, like SA barilla without any sugar in it though
yet, right? Yep. Okay. Well that's interesting. But compared to a rye, where are
you gonna put this?

[00:04:55] **Robbie:** Mm. I don't love it. I like a lot of rise, and this is
not [00:05:00] similar to them, so I don't think it's bad. I'm gonna say five
and a half.

[00:05:08] **Chuck:** I also don't think it's bad, but I'm not sure. I mean,
just doesn't come close to some of the ones we've had and I'm just gonna put it
at a four.

[00:05:17] **Robbie:** Okay.

[00:05:18] **Chuck:** A little different, kind of a little too smooth for me.

[00:05:23] **Robbie:** Yeah. If it's a rye and I don't feel like, wow, that's
slapping in the face, then it's, um, it's not a great rye. Okay.

[00:05:31] **Chuck:** Okay. Note number 14, coming up next in our show, whiskey
number 14. Stay tuned after these messages.

[00:05:39] **Robbie:** I have to rate number 13 first.

[00:05:41] **Chuck:** Okay, go for it. So this is a Ja, a Japanese one. It's a
khi, uh, blended Japanese whiskey. Um, looks like they're using ex bourbon casks
and, uh, sochu casks and Virgin Oak cs. It's a lower proof, again, 80 proof,
[00:06:00] um, from Japan as mentioned.

[00:06:03] **Chuck:** Let's see here. Do we get any ideas about time? Do you
have distilling tradition, precision, honesty, and perfect seaside climate with
salty air and huge temperature differences.

[00:06:18] **Robbie:** So it's gonna be salty.

[00:06:19] **Chuck:** yeah, lightly peed copper pot distilled and matured in ex
bourbon, so chew and virgin oak casks. So we'll see. I feel like this is not
gonna be your favorite. I feel like everything we said,

[00:06:34] **Robbie:** the, the salty reminds me of, um, the, what are we,
what's it called? The wolves one we had with, uh,

[00:06:42] **Chuck:** Mm. Yeah. And that was like rye and then like hoppy kind
of,

[00:06:47] **Robbie:** Yeah, but it's like neither of you thought it was salty,
so I feel like maybe I had a fake one or something.

[00:06:54] **Chuck:** Or you were just hungry and thirsty or something. So your
body is begging for more of [00:07:00] that. Um, yeah, so the smell to me is
very, It has kind of like a fresh cut grass smell to me. I don't know where I'm
making that up, but,

[00:07:13] **Robbie:** It's got a little of that like sour kaji vinegar for me.

[00:07:18] **Chuck:** You have to have it cold.

[00:07:21] **Robbie:** Um, yeah, it's like, like imagine you made spring rolls
and then left them on the counter for a week. That's what it smells like to me.

[00:07:32] **Chuck:** So the peat is very mild. And I do get a little like honey
in the finish, in the middle. It's almost like mildewy though, something like
little peat in the beginning, but it's not hanging out too long. So I could kind
of roll with that. Easy

[00:07:48] **Robbie:** I'm afraid to try it. I'm just still smelling it.

[00:07:54] **Chuck:** Be not afraid. Young, young men.

[00:07:59] **Robbie:** [00:08:00] Oh.

[00:08:03] **Chuck:** Hmm. Yeah. Bad. I don't know. It's a

[00:08:10] **Robbie:** This is another one of those like watery, uh, like not a
lot of flavor. And how many times can I say that? I respect that cuz I don't
respect that. If everyone makes it like that, um, like just make sake, if you're
trying to make sake.

[00:08:28] **Chuck:** Oh yeah. I wonder if the Sochu has any effect on like,
Some of the mildness in the peat and some of the sweetness in the middle that I
get or sweetness at, right at the end I get, I wonder if that's where the honey
flavor comes from. Interesting to think about. The weird mildewey stuff is, I
don't know.

[00:08:46] **Robbie:** yeah, I think for as bad as this smells, it tastes pretty
good. It's actually very balanced. There's like no, nothing hitting me on the
front or the end, like it's very just smooth, watery, [00:09:00] very mild
flavor. Not too smokey, not too Petey.

[00:09:04] **Chuck:** Yeah, for a Japanese whiskey, I think I kind of like it. I
think I kind of like it. I'm gonna give it a six

[00:09:13] **Robbie:** Okay. I'm gonna say five cause I'm just, I can't be
impressed that many times with it being watery. Like it, it's done now. Um,

[00:09:23] **Chuck:** Yeah, just avoid 80 proof whiskeys in your future. I think
that's the thing that we should remember.

[00:09:29] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:09:29] **Chuck:** for you,

[00:09:30] **Robbie:** Like maybe if they mix 'em ever clear in with it and then
put it in American Oak for a bit. Um,

[00:09:37] **Chuck:** Can you imagine you trying to add ice to this though? It
would just go away. You know,

[00:09:44] **Robbie:** Yeah. It would be like no flavor notes. Like was there
whiskey in this before and it was dirty and now I just have water. Or like

[00:09:53] **Chuck:** Mm

[00:09:56] **Robbie:** Um, yeah. So should we jump back into a [00:10:00]
holiday trivia?

[00:10:01] **Chuck:** sure are. We're gonna skip tech altogether.

[00:10:04] **Robbie:** No. We'll, we'll do, we can mix around. These are shorter
episodes, it doesn't matter. Um, so what were the ones that I, what were the
ones that I promised we would do?

[00:10:13] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:10:15] **Chuck:** Some Kwanza ones or something.

[00:10:18] **Robbie:** well, I did promise that, but the two that I teased. Uh
oh. Which, which is more popular for gift purchasing Black Friday or Cyber
Monday?

[00:10:27] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm. um, still going Black Friday.

[00:10:32] **Robbie:** Yep. It's Black Friday. Yeah, I think it's just everyone
know knows that regardless of age, like Cyber Monday might start to be more
popular, but also stuff starts sales like, you know, a month ahead of time now.

[00:10:46] **Chuck:** Yeah, though the Black Friday essentially starts like a
week ahead of time almost for so many places we will lick. We're starting ours
earlier. Oh yeah. Well, we're starting ours earlier than you. Well, we've
started ours in Easter.

[00:10:58] **Robbie:** Yeah, didn't, was [00:11:00] it, am I remembering totally
wrong, or did Amazon have like a Don't wait for Black Friday, here's our sale in
July, or something like that. Did that

[00:11:07] **Chuck:** they did. I thought it was just another prime day, like
they now do like three

[00:11:12] **Robbie:** Oh, maybe.

[00:11:13] **Chuck:** a year or something crazy too.

[00:11:15] **Robbie:** I don't know. It's hard to keep track. Um, alright, let's
see. How many reindeer were there in the story towards the night before
Christmas?

[00:11:27] **Chuck:** Okay. Um, seven.

[00:11:37] **Robbie:** I'm gonna, yeah, I'm gonna say eight. I think. I'm trying
to

[00:11:42] **Chuck:** I feel like it's, I feel like it's an odd number,

[00:11:45] **Robbie:** Okay. Uh, let's see. Eight. Got

[00:11:50] **Chuck:** you go. Yep. I only thought that because that would, you
know, Rudolph would be at the, at the head, but then in the night [00:12:00]
before Christmas, um, the original like what Golden book Maybe the, the precedes
the story of Rudolph So

[00:12:08] **Robbie:** Mm. Yes. Yeah, it says Rudolph is not in there. So,

[00:12:13] **Chuck:** Well, there you go.

[00:12:14] **Robbie:** um, let's see. Interesting. True or false? Hanukkah falls
on the same dates every year.

[00:12:25] **Chuck:** True.

[00:12:27] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm not sure I wanna say true, but. I honestly have
no idea.

[00:12:32] **Chuck:** Feels like a trick

[00:12:32] **Robbie:** Huh? False. Yeah. Not the same dates. Doesn't say why. I
wish it gave an explanation.

[00:12:38] **Chuck:** You're not meant to know.

[00:12:40] **Robbie:** My guess is cuz like Easter moves every year, so it's
probably similar, like religious calendar that changes based on whatever, I
guess East, I mean, Easter's not a Jewish thing, but like

[00:12:52] **Chuck:** the second Wednesday. Yeah. Right.

[00:12:54] **Robbie:** yeah.

[00:12:54] **Robbie:** You know what I mean?

[00:12:55] **Chuck:** yeah, because it's always whatever Sunday[00:13:00]

[00:13:00] **Robbie:** Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense.

[00:13:03] **Chuck:** I just thought, cuz it was like 12 days of Hanukkah
though, so it's like leading up to

[00:13:08] **Robbie:** But maybe they all start on like, yeah, like the second
Monday of, you know, whatever. Something like that. I don't know. Um, I'm just
asking us stuff that we have no idea about and making us look dumb. Let's see.
Um, On Hanukkah. Children are often given chocolate coins called what?

[00:13:32] **Chuck:** Uh, I have no idea. I know the chocolate coins. They're
great. I didn't know they were a Hanukah thing. Hm.

[00:13:42] **Robbie:** Uh, let's see.

[00:13:43] **Chuck:** Called fake money guilt. Oh yeah. No.

[00:13:48] **Robbie:** Yeah. How many days of Hanukkah are there? We, we say 12.
Right?

[00:13:53] **Chuck:** Yes.

[00:13:55] **Robbie:** Oh, it says eight.

[00:13:56] **Chuck:** Huh?

[00:13:57] **Robbie:** Oh, no, it is eight because it's [00:14:00] the, um, the
eight crazy nights movie.

[00:14:02] **Chuck:** Mm.

[00:14:03] **Robbie:** I should know that you just influenced me. I knew that.
I'm, I'm not gonna say I was stupid on that one.

[00:14:09] **Chuck:** Yeah, well apparently you were, you're naive and stupid
and listen to me. Um,

[00:14:15] **Robbie:** I'm easily influenced. There's a difference. Um, let's
see. Uh, okay. Which three colors are used in Kwanza?

[00:14:33] **Chuck:** Yellow, red and green.

[00:14:38] **Robbie:** Okay, that sounds fine to me. Let's see what it says. Uh,
which number? Oh, I lost it. Oh, there it goes. Okay. Nope, black, red, and
green.

[00:14:50] **Chuck:** Two outta three. Come on.

[00:14:52] **Robbie:** black

[00:14:52] **Chuck:** And black's not a color.

[00:14:54] **Robbie:** Red is for the struggle and green is for the rich land of
Africa.

[00:14:59] **Chuck:** Well, [00:15:00] and everybody knows black and white are
not colors.

[00:15:02] **Robbie:** There's shades. Yes. Um, okay. How many days of Kwanza
are there that, maybe that's the 12, cuz I had thought

[00:15:15] **Chuck:** Yeah. 12. Yeah. Let's go 12.

[00:15:17] **Robbie:** Okay. Um. Let's see. Nope. Seven even less days than
Hanukkah,

[00:15:26] **Chuck:** We're good at holidays,

[00:15:29] **Robbie:** See, this is not our fault for being dumb. This is
society's fault for not being woke enough to teach us all of these holidays.

[00:15:37] **Chuck:** Mm

[00:15:38] **Robbie:** I'm gonna put it on society, not on me. It shouldn't be
on me to go look it up. It should be on the Today Show to tell me about these
holidays.

[00:15:45] **Chuck:** Oh, you watch that?

[00:15:47] **Robbie:** Well, yeah, we like Al Roker. That's why we watch it.

[00:15:50] **Chuck:** Okay. Fair enough. No, I don't know. I, I, I didn't even
know he was still alive. Good for Al

[00:15:57] **Robbie:** Yeah, he, uh, he maybe won't be soon. [00:16:00] Um,
he's, he's been sick for a long time. Like, I don't know if he's back, we
haven't watched the news in probably a month, but for a while he was just like,
he's not there. He is not there. So something major happened.

[00:16:10] **Chuck:** Hmm. W o.

[00:16:13] **Robbie:** Um, let's

[00:16:14] **Chuck:** Okay. You didn't open your secret compartment, by the way,

[00:16:17] **Robbie:** Oh yes. Thank you for reminding me. There is a secret
compartment after num, or was it, or No, we skipped it. AF

[00:16:24] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:16:25] **Robbie:** 13 and 14.

[00:16:26] **Chuck:** it's his secret chest and you skipped it.

[00:16:33] **Robbie:** Is it a Bitcoin? Oh, nope.

[00:16:36] **Chuck:** It's not worth anything.

[00:16:38] **Robbie:** Shouldn't they give you the coaster in the beginning to
put your glass on?

[00:16:42] **Chuck:** Yeah, you would think, um, maybe you should, maybe they do
say that in the instructions that we didn't read,

[00:16:48] **Robbie:** Like open the secret chest first too. I don't know.

[00:16:52] **Chuck:** Uh, here's the thing. Just, you know, it is a Bitcoin and
pay your $8. So [00:17:00] we've talked a lot about state of JS and um, we were
briefly discussing. Front end frameworks and perhaps some predictions cuz it's
in progress at this point. So we don't have results as of yet. And, uh, let's
just talk about, I don't know, what do we think's going on in the front end
framework space and any potential predictions?

[00:17:25] **Chuck:** Will ember still be in last place or will it be in no
place?

[00:17:29] **Robbie:** I don't know. I mean, I've heard about JavaScript. I
think that's gonna be popular. Um, No, I think, uh, I, I've seen things on
Twitter, which I'm thinking will be the trend. Um, people have been posting
screenshots of like, basically React is like, you know, steadily ramping up and
downloads and then, uh, like they show felt, and maybe View is the other one
alongside it.

[00:17:59] **Robbie:** And [00:18:00] they're. You know, the, the line doesn't
even jump because it's zoomed out to see like reacts, you know, exponential
growth. And then like within the last, I don't know, I don't know what the
timeframe is, but recently felt and view have like gone to the same number of
downloads as React. So it's like saying that, React is not necessarily going
down yet, but like because of all the interest in these other things, you would
think it will start to go down.

[00:18:32] **Robbie:** So my prediction is like, I forget the exact wording of
the things they have, but it's basically like, have you heard of React or have
you used it before? And then it's like, if you have used it before, would you
use it again? Like, are you happy with it or

[00:18:47] **Chuck:** mm, the retention number, right? The.

[00:18:51] **Robbie:** So I'm thinking that a lot of people will say, I have
used React, um, you know, I'm fine to use it again, but like basically not
[00:19:00] indicating excitement around React as much.

[00:19:03] **Robbie:** I think the things that are exciting, which is a separate
question on here, they call them I think, rendering frameworks, um, which is
like next Js next, uh, I think we call them meta frameworks. Like Astro is kind
of, um, I don't know what the real terminology is, but.

[00:19:19] **Chuck:** They called it backend frameworks for whatever reason,
because like, I guess it was doing build time, potential service side, render
that, that kind of stuff.

[00:19:27] **Robbie:** Yeah, so it's like, um, I think those are the things that
make react exciting. Like I've seen a lot of good things about remix and people
being excited about that. Uh, we know next JS is popular. Um, Verel is a jugg or
in that space.

[00:19:48] **Robbie:** Anyway, back to kind of the original point, I guess. I
think in terms of the base frameworks, not necessarily with all of the bells and
whistles piled on top, I think felt is [00:20:00] gonna be the number one going
forward because it's very similar to things like Astro, where it kind of. Gets
rid of everything.

[00:20:09] **Robbie:** There's not like a huge run time, it's just kind of using
the browser APIs and it has like maybe a little bit of sugar. Sometimes it'll
ship a little js if it really needs to. Um, that feels like the right way to do
things to me. Like, let's write html, like normal HTML and then sprinkle in some
stuff and like not as jsx and.

[00:20:32] **Robbie:** You know, I think that's the future of like teach
everyone vanilla, html, css, and JavaScript, and then show how do we improve
that? Not, okay, here's a totally different language and like whatever, you
know.

[00:20:48] **Chuck:** Yeah. Like potentially a world where next JS can use a
different rendering layer there or something. Right. Like spelt plugs in in the
way that it [00:21:00] can with Astro or you know,

[00:21:04] **Robbie:** Yeah. I mean, to be fair, spelt also does things that are
like, not quote unquote valid JavaScript. I think it's only a couple of things,
but it's, it just feels like, I don't know. I feel like JSX and React. Don't
feel like buddies. It's like a thing you have to use to use React. But it's
like, it wasn't written, I mean it was, it was written for React, but it's like,
it doesn't feel that way, you know what I mean?

[00:21:31] **Robbie:** Like, whereas Felts and Tax feels, I guess, cuz Rich
Harris probably did most of it, it like just feels like it works together. Um, I
don't know. I think that's gonna be the thing is like, you know, having a
specific. Temping language, kind of, I forget the terminology that you call it,
but it's like, like React was trying to not do that by having JSX is like, it's
JavaScript, but like having a, you know, normal [00:22:00] templates kind of
thing where you can kind of write HTML is kind of where I think we are going.

[00:22:05] **Chuck:** So do you think this is gonna be the year that um, we
finally see Shepherd Js and the other tools tab? What are the other libraries?
Yeah, they have like, yeah,

[00:22:19] **Robbie:** I don't know. They had like jQuery and, uh, RX j s and

[00:22:23] **Chuck:** moment.

[00:22:24] **Robbie:** don't have any other tour libraries do they?

[00:22:26] **Chuck:** No, no. Underscore js luxon Ramada. Never. I don't know.

[00:22:34] **Robbie:** Yeah, I saw a, uh, a tweet from, uh, west Boss. It was
something to the effect of like, it was listing most downloaded JavaScript
packages or something, and like React was on there, but right above it was like,
Al Carousel or something, and it was like, guys, why are we learning React? The
money is an al Carousel.

[00:22:55] **Robbie:** What are you doing

[00:22:57] **Chuck:** Right.

[00:22:58] **Robbie:** Um, [00:23:00] so yeah, I don't know. It's, it's a weird
thing where like the things that get the hype and feel sexy are like different
than the things that might actually be being used to build 50% or more of apps
in the real world. So I don't.

[00:23:19] **Chuck:** Hmm. Food for thought. If we can make the other tab in
podcasts, I'll be impressed.

[00:23:27] **Robbie:** Yeah, I would like to make the podcast tab by next year.
So I didn't remind everyone in the last episode messed up. Uh, so if you. Listen
to this one and not the last one for some reason, go to state of JS and write in
whiskey, web and whatnot as your favorite podcast. Um, don't rate us based on
these last few episodes you may have heard cuz they are not planned out and
whiskey fueled, but hopefully you still like them.

[00:23:54] **Chuck:** I mean, some people, that's their favorite part. They're
like, will you stop talking about the other gibberish? [00:24:00] We don't care.
We're gonna use React and Robbie's wrong. uh, we just want to hear you make
jokes and rate whiskey and

[00:24:08] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:24:09] **Chuck:** talk about the World Cup. That's really, that's what most
people aren't.

[00:24:12] **Robbie:** Yeah. How's have any games happened since we last spoke?
I don't know how often they are.

[00:24:19] **Chuck:** Yep. Uh, today, um, there was a shock upset where Morocco,
uh, eliminated Spain and, uh, on penalties. That's everybody's favorite. And,
um, the port, I believe Portugal, um, They beat

[00:24:43] **Chuck:** Switzerland. So yeah, there were two games today and uh,
those two things. So Portugal goes through and Morocco goes through to, it's to
the round of eight. Gonna be some interesting stuff. It's heating up.

[00:24:59] **Robbie:** [00:25:00] Nice. Yeah. And the realm of American
football. I am happy that TCU made the playoffs cause I was worried they lost
their last game and, uh, everyone thought they wouldn't make it because of that,
but

[00:25:13] **Chuck:** Texas Central University or,

[00:25:16] **Robbie:** It might be Christian. I'm not sure one or the other. Um,
they're always pretty decent at football.

[00:25:23] **Robbie:** And then, Usually get the shaft like trying to get into
the playoffs cuz they're not that popular, I guess. Like Ohio State makes it in,
even if they've lost like 18 games, even though they don't play 18 games. Like
they could be negative 10 wins and they're like, oh, you're still good. But uh,

[00:25:43] **Chuck:** is that like based on votes or something? It's not based
on performance.

[00:25:48] **Robbie:** committee and the committee is heavily.

[00:25:52] **Robbie:** People like Ohio State and Alabama and, uh, Georgia. And,
uh, Michigan's been [00:26:00] pretty popular recently. They were in last year.
They're in this year. Uh, Kelly is happy about that. Um, cuz Georgia and
Michigan are her teams.

[00:26:09] **Chuck:** ah, I see.

[00:26:10] **Robbie:** um,

[00:26:11] **Chuck:** cool. Um, Okay. Fair enough. Yeah, that seems like pretty
random. Like why do people like that? They're like, oh, you can get in even if
you don't deserve to. And there's like 50 bowl games all the time, and so what
even matters? It's just about creating additional TV revenue, I guess.

[00:26:29] **Robbie:** Yeah, it, it doesn't matter. Um, they used to, I think
just. You know, crown a champion by who? Like if you went like 13 and oh and
were like ranked number one or whatever, like you were basically the champion.
You didn't play in a championship. They're starting next year I think, or the
year after. I forget when it starts.

[00:26:51] **Robbie:** There's a 12 team playoff, so it's like actually legit.
Like you can have some teams that didn't win every single game or that aren't
the [00:27:00] most popular, come in and just beat the shit out of another team
and go like, Hey look, we're actually good. Like make it more fair. Instead of
just the popularity contest of oh four teams, we'll just pick four and like they
get to go.

[00:27:12] **Chuck:** They always get to go no matter what, and maybe every once
in a while we'll make, we'll give someone hope

[00:27:17] **Robbie:** Yeah, the fun thing is gonna be, Georgia is gonna beat
Ohio State like 74 to 12 is like the kind of like score I think we're gonna get,
which I'm gonna love. Um, I love to watch them lose.

[00:27:33] **Chuck:** Yeah, that's really like, that's what, what you're in it
for.

[00:27:37] **Robbie:** because, so like as a Virginia Tech graduate and fan, uh,
we have been terrible at football for a long time now. We were good, like when
Michael Vick was there and then he fought a bunch of dogs and like, is not a
cool guy anymore. But, you know, he was good when he was there. Um, and after
that we've just been getting steadily worse and worse.

[00:27:57] **Robbie:** We go from like, you know, 12 wins a [00:28:00] season to
10 wins a season to eight wins a season to this year. We won two games. But we
have a new coach. It's a building year, so, uh, so since we are not good, I like
to root for teams. I want to lose and that's the satisfaction I get of like
watching the other teams that I want to lose lose.

[00:28:19] **Robbie:** That's what's fun,

[00:28:20] **Chuck:** Okay, there you go.

[00:28:23] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:28:25] **Chuck:** I get that. There's definitely some teams that I'm like
pleased that they have lost. So like actually Spain going out. Um, cause they
just had like such a dominant team in the World Cup and the Euros for so long.
So I just like when big teams that people expect to do well, kind of don't, um,

[00:28:44] **Robbie:** Yep. Same. Except for, I don't know, I like Georgia for
some reason because it, to me, it's different when like, you're actually good,
like everyone on your team is very, very athletic and huge and like great at
what they do versus, uh, [00:29:00] you don't play a lot of people, so you're
like overrated because. You don't play any hard teams and people just like you
because they do for like, I think a lot of their graduates are like high profile
people, so it's like, I don't know, they like 'em for whatever reason, but
they're not actually that good.

[00:29:17] **Robbie:** So I, I get more mad at those where it's like they're
always in the top five just because they are, not because they're good versus
the people that are like actually really, really good then I don't hate them as
much.

[00:29:30] **Chuck:** See, and this is why European football is better because
you pay play 38 games through your season and it's like, you gotta be able to do
it week in and week out in a a, like they'll say a rainy day, a rainy Monday in
Stoke. You've gotta get the points and you can't just like have a tournament
run. You can't have a popularity contest.

[00:29:53] **Chuck:** Like this is a team that really has to be able to, you
know, be in it for the long haul.

[00:29:59] **Robbie:** [00:30:00] Yeah, so there's like, there's no committees
or selections. It's just who did the best.

[00:30:05] **Chuck:** And it doesn't matter. Yeah, exactly. The top of the table
wins the title, the bottom three of the table, go down the level and then have
to fight to get back up, and then they can go down. And have to fight to get
back up season after season. So

[00:30:20] **Robbie:** I do like that. I think that would be helpful to American
football of like, if, you know, like Virginia Tech for instance, is in, I forget
all the terminology, but like whatever the big teams, um, well it's not a
conference. It's like a. , um, like the FBS in general, I guess there's like
teams that aren't in, like those main conferences that are like, uh, JMU and
like Liberty, like smaller Virginia schools are like not in that like level.

[00:30:50] **Robbie:** Um, they should drop teams doing worse down to that.
Like, you're gonna play Liberty and, and JMU and, and all these other like
smaller schools [00:31:00] because you did terrible. And that would light a fire
under the team. every game would be important. You know, they've, whereas like
right now, they, they think they're good and they play a team like that and they
lose like 50 to zero because they're like, oh, I wasn't trying because I thought
they weren't good.

[00:31:17] **Robbie:** And like, it's stupid.

[00:31:20] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:31:22] **Robbie:** I don't know. I'm, I'm saying words that probably make no
sense and we're over time, so, uh, let's,

[00:31:27] **Chuck:** you start to lose me in some of this, but I think I
understand what you mean. Like conferences designated by actual, like you could
have. The Premier Conference and those are the best teams that have earned spots
in that conference and they can lose and gain spots. I would love that. That
would be, yeah,

[00:31:42] **Robbie:** Yeah, I, I think that works everywhere. But, uh, alright,
we're outta time. We will do all the rest of these whiskeys. Uh, we'll, we'll
keep going tomorrow. You'll have another one. And, uh, hopefully we, we'll do a
little more research for the next one and we'll have some, uh, some better
topics and maybe we'll continue holiday trivia.

[00:31:59] **Robbie:** I have a [00:32:00] few more questions, so,

[00:32:01] **Chuck:** lessons learned.

[00:32:03] **Robbie:** yeah, catch it in.

[00:32:05] **Chuck:** Boom.
