[00:00:00] **Robbie:** Greetings and happy holidays, everybody. This is Whiskey
Web and whatnot. Advent of Whiskey Edition. Nearing the end of this, according
to my advent calendar here, I believe Christmas is in a couple days, right?
That's, that's correct. I think

[00:00:16] **Chuck:** it's right or right-ish around when this is published.
Possible. Who

[00:00:21] **Robbie:** yeah. Well, I mean, the joke is that it's currently
December 8th, so uh,

[00:00:26] **Chuck:** Yes.

[00:00:27] **Robbie:** oops. We've had a lot of whiskey, but.

[00:00:29] **Chuck:** Yeah. Just

[00:00:31] **Robbie:** We're going to, we're gonna continue that. I'm Robbie,
that's Chuck. Um, I don't know if we need to introduce ourselves every time, but
everyone on other podcast does it,

[00:00:41] **Chuck:** Yeah. Always. Assuming this is the first for whatever
reason you'd

[00:00:46] **Robbie:** That's true. That's true. All right,

[00:00:48] **Chuck:** All right. So getting into whiskey.

[00:00:50] **Robbie:** Product of Australia. Tell us about it.

[00:00:53] **Chuck:** Well, uh, not a lot to learn here, Chuck. Um, , it, uh,
looks like it's non age [00:01:00] stated. Uh, it is 41% boy, 82 proof. Um,
looks like it was bottled four years ago. So how was that? Not age. I don't
know.

[00:01:09] **Chuck:** Okay.

[00:01:09] **Robbie:** It was bottled

[00:01:11] **Chuck:** bottles. Yeah. It doesn't, it didn't sit in the barrel for
how long? Um, let's see here.

[00:01:15] **Robbie:** Typically when there's no age statement, it means it's
not that old and they don't want to say

[00:01:20] **Chuck:** It looks kind of dark for what it is. So, um, single malt
whiskey called Starwood, as you mentioned from Australia. Um,

[00:01:28] **Robbie:** This is single mal. It doesn't smell very malty.

[00:01:31] **Chuck:** Hmm. Okay. Um, the creators had carefully selected barrels
that used to house locally made Shiraz cabs have and Pinot. They made sure the
barrels weren't charged the way they preserved both the character of the wine
and the oak. The big idea from behind this jam is honoring the tradition while
not being trapped by it. Okay.

[00:01:54] **Robbie:** So the darkness is probably from the wine.

[00:01:58] **Chuck:** Yeah. That's how they [00:02:00] trick you there. Yeah, it
does have a sweet, very grape kind of, uh, smell to me so.

[00:02:09] **Robbie:** Yeah. It smells like, have you ever had HAI chew?

[00:02:14] **Chuck:** Hi. Yeah. Like a gum

[00:02:16] **Robbie:** No. It's a candy, but it's like a very chewy, I, I
believe it's Japanese. Um.

[00:02:22] **Chuck:** Yeah. I feel like I can see the packaging in my mind, but
I don't know. Don't

[00:02:26] **Robbie:** Yeah, you can widely get it now, like at just normal
grocery stores and stuff. Doesn't used to be the case, but they have a grape one
and it, it smells like that if you like soaked that in a pile of vodka or
something, cuz it, this doesn't smell all that scotchy.

[00:02:48] **Chuck:** Yeah, I still get a little grape juice initially. Um, it
does have a little more spiciness than I expected, the wood is there

[00:02:58] **Robbie:** Yeah, I would say [00:03:00] this is probably the best
single malt I've ever had. And that's saying that it doesn't taste like what
people who like single malt would

[00:03:08] **Chuck:** Yeah. Right. So that's the thing. This is not like your
thing. So that's why I like it. Um, interesting. It is good and different. I
don't know, I feel like I get a little bit of like on that second taste.

[00:03:31] **Robbie:** the tiniest amount of like, there might be some scotch in
here, but it's really like, it's very grapey. It just tastes like grape candy to
me,

[00:03:39] **Chuck:** Hmm. . Bernie. Bernie, grape candy. So how do you like
your grape candy? Why? I wanted it to burn a little bit and perhaps make me
lightheaded.

[00:03:47] **Robbie:** Yeah, sounds like a fun time. Uh, yeah. So I mean, I
think this one for me is, I'm gonna go crazy and say it's a seven. Um,

[00:03:58] **Chuck:** go six.[00:04:00]

[00:04:00] **Robbie:** yeah, I don't know. I just, I think it's good. I can't
exactly say why I, I don't think other people would like it that much. I will
say that.

[00:04:07] **Chuck:** Yeah, well if you get a chance, find yourself in
Australia. Star word.

[00:04:13] **Robbie:** I think the big thing here is like similar to all the
barrel ones we've tried, it seems to be my new jam of like if you get a few cool
barrels that have a good flavor and finish it in those, it's gonna be much
better than if you didn't.

[00:04:27] **Chuck:** right? Yeah. I think that's the another way of getting
around like, ugh, we are not aging this very long, so what can we do to get more
flavor in there? And using used barrels, which is a scotch thing too, of course,
but we got like really narrowing in on those deep breads. I think. Uh, I think
you definitely get that in this.

[00:04:48] **Chuck:** So, yeah, not. I've had some port finished, um, rise
before, but yeah, this definitely is much sweeter than that. right.

[00:04:59] **Robbie:** [00:05:00] Cool. Tell us about 21.

[00:05:02] **Chuck:** Well, it's my birthday, um, happy birthday Yellow Rose
Distillery. Um, looks like this is from the US of a, um, from Texas
specifically. It is straight bourbon whiskey. So should it have a mash bill that
reflects, that? Looks like it's about 92 proof. Um, let's see. Their description
has nothing specific to the mash bill, so it's just, it's a secret to you and
me.

[00:05:29] **Chuck:** Everyone we know, so let's just get to it then.

[00:05:34] **Robbie:** All right.

[00:05:37] **Chuck:** Hmm. Then appeals. I don't know what else. Hmm. Put it in
the Glen Carn and find out. Right.

[00:05:59] **Robbie:** All [00:06:00] right. What do

[00:06:01] **Chuck:** a little space there, but I, I do definitely get banana
peels,

[00:06:08] **Robbie:** This smells like a freshly built, uh, post and beam wood
room.

[00:06:19] **Chuck:** the

[00:06:20] **Robbie:** it has a little bit of new house smell to it, like the
drywall and stuff, but it's also very woody. Like, it just feels fresh, like
it's new.

[00:06:30] **Chuck:** Mm. Okay. Newer whiskey. It's possible. Um, I still get a
little banana initially on the Flavor train and um, welcome to Flavor Town
Whiskey Edition. You get that right? Okay. Okay, great.

[00:06:49] **Robbie:** Uh, this is very smoky. Once you taste, it doesn't smell
super smoky, but it's like,

[00:06:59] **Chuck:** Hmm. [00:07:00] I'm not getting that at all.

[00:07:06] **Robbie:** maybe it's not smoke. It's like, it reminds me of like
the smell of a, you know, like a toy train, or not toy, but like one that moves
around the tracks, like an electric train and they'll have like fake smoke in
them and like some different lubricants and things I guess in there. And like
it, it just smells like that going around the.

[00:07:28] **Robbie:** Or like tastes like that. I mean, tastes like it going
around the track.

[00:07:31] **Chuck:** that's very specific. That's way more than I have. I'm, I
was still starting with the initial banana peel, getting a little woody, getting
a little spice in there, like maybe cinnamon or something. Smidge at the end.

[00:07:42] **Robbie:** Yeah. I think it's woody and it's, it's chemically and
like in some way to me.

[00:07:47] **Chuck:** maybe, yeah. Yeah. Well, given that it's a bourbon, so

[00:07:54] **Robbie:** not great in my

[00:07:55] **Chuck:** it's, see, I don't think it's bad, but I don't think it's
great. Exactly. [00:08:00] I'm not like, this is, this is not good. I don't, I
don't, I don't

[00:08:04] **Robbie:** It's drinkable. It's drinkable.

[00:08:07] **Chuck:** I'm gonna give it a four right in the middle. It's not
great and it's not.

[00:08:12] **Robbie:** Yeah. That's what I'll do too. Cool.

[00:08:17] **Chuck:** Huh. Well, here we go.

[00:08:19] **Robbie:** So let's, let's do a couple holiday trivias just to bring
us in. Let's see. I don't, I'm running outta ones we haven't done, I should have
done these in order or something cuz it's hard to find now. Uh, when was the
first New Year's Eve Ball drop?

[00:08:42] **Chuck:** 1912,

[00:08:44] **Robbie:** Okay, I'm gonna say 1892.

[00:08:51] **Chuck:** Columbus sailed the ocean blue.

[00:08:55] **Robbie:** Uh, let's see. 1907. Split the

[00:08:59] **Chuck:** [00:09:00] I, I felt pretty confident that it was the 20th
century and that I can actually remember watching like a

[00:09:07] **Robbie:** The first one, drop

[00:09:08] **Chuck:** Yeah. In 1907 and then also a hundred years later, I also
saw where they were like, this is the 100 year anniversary of, um, so it was
really great for me to have that, like bookend and m.

[00:09:22] **Robbie:** Yeah, you gotta tell me what supplements you're taking.

[00:09:28] **Chuck:** This episode is sponsored by Athletic Greens. But that is
actually, I have actually, I've been doing it for about a month, on and off,
mostly though, the majority of the time. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I do feel
like I'm getting things, like I've got my bases covered, so kind of like that
I'm travel,

[00:09:47] **Robbie:** How does

[00:09:48] **Chuck:** traveled recently, um, it's kind of like, you know, when
you get those like, like fruit smoothies and then they put like spinach and
stuff in there and so, you know, it's a little. [00:10:00] kind of like that.
It's a little sweet and a little like spinach is in there, but, and it's kinda
like probiotics, prebiotics, all kinds of things, actually,

[00:10:08] **Robbie:** So it's not like super vegetable, it's like somewhat
pleasant.

[00:10:13] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would say it's skewd to the sweet
side, and I actually like to put a little, uh, little splash of lemon juice in
too.

[00:10:21] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:10:21] **Chuck:** Take some of the sweet off and it's. So go to our link
slash whiskey web and whatnot.

[00:10:30] **Robbie:** Athletic greens.com. I'm guessing

[00:10:33] **Chuck:** Yeah, I would guess.

[00:10:36] **Robbie:** We should just start picking random things and just
pretending it's a sponsor.

[00:10:40] **Chuck:** And just doing like pseudo commercials and then post it on
there and see if anybody bites. That

[00:10:46] **Robbie:** Yeah. . Yeah.

[00:10:48] **Chuck:** I mean, forced sponsorship. You didn't wanna be associated
with this show, but you. This episode is sponsored by Scotch Box Tape cuz it's
behind my head right now.

[00:10:59] **Robbie:** Yeah. [00:11:00] Um, all right, one more question on the,
the trivia here. True or false, the song Jingle Bells was written specifically
for Christmas. Did we do that one already? I can't

[00:11:09] **Chuck:** Uh, I don't think so. Or the athletic greens aren't
working for my brain. Um, I am gonna say, It wasn't just written for Christmas.
Okay, sure. It wasn't true.

[00:11:23] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm gonna say that too, that it wasn't, let's see.
Yeah, false. What is it? How is it was? Yeah. Yeah. It's false. I think that
makes sense cuz it's about like riding around in a sleigh. It's not

[00:11:36] **Chuck:** just about like the holiday, winter season necessarily.
It's not like, and then we open, present, and, uh, Fatman comes in. anyway.

[00:11:47] **Robbie:** Yeah, that's, that's the fourth verse, right?

[00:11:49] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. , that's, um, our, our family has written a, a
special, special version. Still can't get it added,[00:12:00]

[00:12:00] **Robbie:** All right. Um, so yeah, we'll do a few more holiday
things in the next and final episode since it'll be, I guess, if these air
correctly, like right before Christmas. So everyone should be probably not even
listening to this cuz they'll be spending time with their families and not
caring about what we have to say.

[00:12:16] **Robbie:** But, uh, if you are.

[00:12:19] **Chuck:** maybe your family's different than mine, but I will
certainly be taking some breaks.

[00:12:24] **Robbie:** Well, yeah. Depending on the family you're with, you may
want to hide or not

[00:12:31] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:12:32] **Robbie:** Yeah. But there's some situations with that in every
family, I think. There's never a time where like all sides of all families don't
have like, at least a couple people that you're like, Hmm, oh, oh this uh,

[00:12:46] **Chuck:** You know who

[00:12:46] **Robbie:** thing just broke.

[00:12:47] **Robbie:** I'm gonna go to the garage and fix it for the next six
hours. Uh, I'll see ya

[00:12:51] **Chuck:** Yeah. Sorry. You need to get that open. It's the only way
grandma gets in and out Anyway.

[00:12:59] **Robbie:** [00:13:00] Um. Yeah. So for tech topics, this was top of
mind for me, um, because I had just posted a blog post, which if you would like
to read it, uh, it is the top five, uh, what did I call it? Web, I guess web
developer tools, like it's developer tools, not necessarily for all web
developers, but it could be like any programmer or whatever.

[00:13:22] **Robbie:** But, um, some of them skew towards web, um, and it's
like, Things that you can use to consume the web, build the web, you know, I'm,
it's a general category for me. Um, and you can read more about those five
things at shipshape.io/blog yeah, just look at the first one on there. I don't
know what the slug is.

[00:13:48] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:13:50] **Chuck:** this post?

[00:13:52] **Robbie:** I don't know what you mean.

[00:13:53] **Chuck:** That movie with John Kack and Jack Black, and he owns a
record store and they have all these top five lists.

[00:13:58] **Robbie:** Hmm. No, I haven't[00:14:00]

[00:14:00] **Chuck:** it's actually called Top Five Records.

[00:14:02] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:14:03] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:14:04] **Robbie:** Interesting. Yeah, no, I, I, I'm not familiar. Um, but
yeah, so some of the things I had on there, um, my top one was arc. I don't know
if you've, did you try the, uh, the link when I had the referral?

[00:14:19] **Chuck:** I downloaded it, I definitely downloaded it.

[00:14:23] **Chuck:** I will

[00:14:24] **Robbie:** tried it other than

[00:14:25] **Chuck:** might not have tried that yet. I should definitely do that
if we have particular guests. But as of now,

[00:14:33] **Robbie:** no one from a has yet agreed to be on here.

[00:14:36] **Chuck:** they wanna know more about us, which,

[00:14:38] **Chuck:** you

[00:14:38] **Robbie:** are in the works, but, uh, anyway, so, um, it's hard,
it's very hard to switch browsers, especially if you have more than one computer
because you have probably chrome open on, like for me it was. For computers, and
then all of my tabs are different. And I'm always [00:15:00] worried about like,
oh, if I close these, I'll never remember it again and like, whatever.

[00:15:04] **Robbie:** Um, but like ARC syncs them across all the devices you
have like one, um, in iCloud type of thing. And then it also has different types
of tabs, which is really interesting. So you can have like favorites that you
use every day, like for sure I need like GitHub and Twitter and things that I'm
on all the time.

[00:15:24] **Robbie:** And then you can have things that are like kind of
important, which is like a pinned tab. . And so that's what I use to keep track
of the things I don't want to disappear, where it's like, oh, I need to like
read this one thing. I'm gonna throw it in there and it's gonna stay there until
I read it. Or if it's like my day to day, you know, I opened 40 tabs that day,
debugging something, and then it just auto closes.

[00:15:47] **Robbie:** All those. I think you can set the time period, but it's
like the default, I believe is. 12 hours or something, like it's pretty short
for whatever the default is. And then you can do like a week or like 30 days or
you know, [00:16:00] however you feel. But that's really nice cuz I had never
closed my tabs, so it keeps it much cleaner for me.

[00:16:06] **Robbie:** I don't have like 46 gigs of ram taken up from, uh, all
of my , my

[00:16:12] **Chuck:** thing. So it must be chromium based still, but it has like
a whole management system built

[00:16:18] **Robbie:** Yeah. So it's.

[00:16:19] **Chuck:** Organizing.

[00:16:21] **Robbie:** To me it's, it is chromium based, but it feels so
different because like they moved everything around and like changed the way you
do things. Whereas I think most chromium based browsers, like Brave or, um, I
can't think of another one and off the top of my head right now, but like Brave
is basically Chrome except it's like got some privacy stuff and like,

[00:16:40] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:16:41] **Robbie:** Um, so it's not like that.

[00:16:42] **Robbie:** It's not like, Hey, we're still basically chrome and like
we added one thing. It's like, it feels totally different. You interact with it
through like a command pallet type of thing. So you like command T and instead
of just getting a new tab, you get this command pallet and you can like search
in there.

[00:16:57] **Robbie:** You can find your extensions in there, you can like
[00:17:00] do various commands. Um, I don't even know all the key commands cuz
I've just kind of started using it, but it just feels very powerful.

[00:17:08] **Chuck:** Yeah. Okay. You might have sold. I just started, I just
launched it while you were talking about it, and then it's really loud the first
time it like takes over and I was like, no. Turn off. Turn off.

[00:17:20] **Robbie:** Yeah. It's got a lot of, uh, stuff that happens the first
time. It's got a cool animation, lot of sound. Um, gives you a little badge
that's like, I'm cool and use arc.

[00:17:31] **Chuck:** Right. Exactly. Did you put that on your Twitter?

[00:17:34] **Robbie:** Uh, I don't think I did, but I, you can, uh, uh, that's
in the settings. You can just keep regenerating them. So you can bake as many as
you want until it, there's one that you think is cool. Um, what else does it
have? Oh, um, so the tab thing too also has like, uh, spaces which are like, so
I have a work podcast, ship shape and personal and like keep my tabs organized
in those like,[00:18:00]

[00:18:00] **Chuck:** okay. I use

[00:18:02] **Robbie:** like there's,

[00:18:03] **Chuck:** for those reasons, but like, yeah, if you didn't really
have to, why not?

[00:18:07] **Robbie:** yeah. Yeah. I'm sure I'm forgetting some things, but I
didn't take notes and I don't have my blog post in front of me. Uh, what else,
what else is cool

[00:18:16] **Chuck:** You don't need to regurgitate that.

[00:18:18] **Robbie:** Yeah, just, just go check it out. Let so we can move, uh,
move down the list. Well, before we just go through my list, are there any you
want to add?

[00:18:26] **Robbie:** What have you been using that's cool? Or do you want to
think about it while I keep going?

[00:18:30] **Chuck:** I don't know that I've used anything new myself that I
think is cool. I do have an interest in, um, learning Vim for some reason.

[00:18:40] **Robbie:** Hmm. You like pain?

[00:18:42] **Chuck:** Yes. So, you know the Prime Gian has those some videos on
Vim and I was like, cool, I'm probably gonna go through that. That's an open tab
currently. So

[00:18:54] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:18:55] **Chuck:** I wanna regress. I wanna simplify my tools.

[00:18:58] **Robbie:** yeah. So [00:19:00] we'll skip here through my list. Uh,
two. We'll come back to two. We'll go to three. Three was Zed. Have you seen Zed
at all?

[00:19:08] **Chuck:** Yeah, I've seen, I've seen it and I think I signed up. And
again, I don't think I did anything.

[00:19:12] **Robbie:** Yeah, so I, I haven't really used it much either. I've
basically booted it up and like I wrote some of my blog posts in it, but I'm
compelled by the way it works. It just was too much of a mental shift for me in
the moment to make it my default editor. Like I wanted to keep using VS code and
had to be productive.

[00:19:31] **Robbie:** Cause I have deadlines for right now, but it's my, uh,
It's my goal to switch fully to it. Like it took me probably a month or two to
switch fully to arc. So I'm gonna try to do the same thing with Zed. And it's,
it's just very simplified, like it ha kind of has a vem feel to it in that it's
like, there aren't a ton of icons.

[00:19:50] **Robbie:** There's not a ton of, I think there are extensions in
things, kind of like VS. Code has, but there're not in your face. Like there's
no menus for 'em. They're just like, maybe you can run stuff [00:20:00] behind
the scenes for like ES l or you know, whatever. But the cool thing about it is
it is interactive. So you can like, share a session with someone and you can
just like type in the same thing.

[00:20:13] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:20:14] **Chuck:** see.

[00:20:15] **Robbie:** yeah. So it's very good for pairing. Like their thing is
it should be collaborative and it should, like all distractions should be gone.
So they try to have like as few task bars and icons and alerts. Crap you don't
need. It's just like, just edit your code, kind of like you would in Vim or
something.

[00:20:32] **Robbie:** And it's like, here's also the ability to share it with
people and you can just both type in it and whatever. Um,

[00:20:39] **Chuck:** can you theme it?

[00:20:41] **Robbie:** yes, you can theme it. I changed my theme. That's the, if
you can't do Base 16 Ocean, I will not use your tool

[00:20:47] **Chuck:** Oh, okay. . Fair enough.

[00:20:49] **Robbie:** I need it to be dark and I want it to be fun colors. And
if you won't let me do that, then I'm not using it.

[00:20:57] **Chuck:** Okay, well then here we [00:21:00] go. Two outta. Two
other something, so it's not bad.

[00:21:03] **Robbie:** Yeah, so we, uh, we could probably, we should probably
try using it for something with some of our team at some point, and we can
report back with more details about how it goes and if it's like, you know, if
it streams well and is, feels snappier, like what the, what the deal is. But it
looks very cool.

[00:21:24] **Chuck:** Yeah,

[00:21:24] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:21:25] **Chuck:** I'm into it. And this is you getting away from Microsoft,
right?

[00:21:29] **Robbie:** yeah, well, I mean it wasn't a like conscious choice, but
it's, uh, I think that's the thing is, uh, in my blog post I kind of have an
intro about that, where it's like you kind of get comfortable with your tools
and said in your ways, and I hardly ever change tools and I want to be better
about just trying other stuff cuz like things might be better.

[00:21:49] **Robbie:** I just don't want to commit the time. Like changing my
muscle memory, I guess. Um, but I'm gonna start doing that cuz I think a lot of
stuff is better than what I use.[00:22:00]

[00:22:01] **Chuck:** Yeah. Why not? Like, be open. What is your theme that you
like?

[00:22:06] **Robbie:** base 16 Ocean. I don't know if they had it built in or if
I, like maybe there was a theme repo that I could get it from or

[00:22:15] **Chuck:** Must be. Okay. Well, we'll see. All right. Interesting.
Two. Two out of two out of five so far. Interesting.

[00:22:24] **Robbie:** Yep. Um, so regressing back to what my number two was. It
was, uh, warp, which we're familiar with. We've had Zack on, you've done some ad
reads for them, so people have probably at least looked it up at this point if
they've been listening to the podcast a while. But, um, . Basically it's a
terminal written in rust, which is cool.

[00:22:46] **Robbie:** Basically, anything written in rust these days just wins
because rust is cool. And, uh, it's not only cool for that, it has like, it has
tons of buzzwords. It also has an AI chat, or not chat, uh, search, [00:23:00]
which, uh, you can say like, uh, get branch, delete. Like, I don't remember how
to delete a branch. How do I do that?

[00:23:06] **Robbie:** And it'll go like, oh, do you mean. get branch dash d
branch name or whatever, and it like, so it's like a, you know, a GitHub
co-pilot type of thing built in that like helps you figure out what the commands
you meant were,

[00:23:22] **Chuck:** Mm.

[00:23:22] **Robbie:** cool.

[00:23:23] **Chuck:** Yeah. The only thing that's still kind of a bummer to me
is, uh, the preferences. Pain still has very small text

[00:23:32] **Robbie:** Yes, and I tested that the other day after you had
mentioned that if you do like Command Plus while you're in there, it uh, just,
it increases the font size number. You can see it doing it, but it doesn't
change the font of the preferences themselves,

[00:23:47] **Chuck:** Yep. Exactly. They

[00:23:48] **Robbie:** which is very annoying.

[00:23:51] **Chuck:** Yeah, and it's really hard to read still. So Zach, it's
still hard to read, man.

[00:23:57] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:23:57] **Chuck:** hook me up.

[00:23:59] **Robbie:** I do, I [00:24:00] don't really understand why they
wouldn't inherit from the same font styles, but I'm sure there's a reason.

[00:24:07] **Chuck:** Yeah. So there is that as a, a thing, but, uh, and the
only other thing that annoys me kind of is that I cannot, like, I can't, uh,
there's a little shortcut. It's like control, uh, command space, and it brings
up your little emoji. And I want to get emoji for my commits, and I have to. Get
'em from outside the app and then drop that in.

[00:24:33] **Chuck:** And it's a minor

[00:24:34] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:24:35] **Chuck:** but

[00:24:36] **Robbie:** Because it

[00:24:37] **Chuck:** if I had some keyboard

[00:24:38] **Robbie:** key commands.

[00:24:39] **Chuck:** or something, um, yeah, I don't know. It does, I, I must,
it must have like something that doesn't allow that to actually like do it in
place, but then like other

[00:24:49] **Robbie:** Because I would think that would be a global.

[00:24:51] **Chuck:** It

[00:24:52] **Robbie:** thing that unless it's blocking all global key commands,
maybe you, it has its own that's the same, like it does something else
[00:25:00] in

[00:25:00] **Chuck:** Well, nothing ever happens, but maybe, I mean, keyboard
shortcuts. Yeah. I'll have to look it up. So it's like, I don't know. Yeah.

[00:25:12] **Robbie:** Well, regardless of why it's still annoying,

[00:25:16] **Chuck:** Mm-hmm.

[00:25:17] **Robbie:** um,

[00:25:21] **Chuck:** what else you

[00:25:22] **Robbie:** What was I saying? Uh, yeah, I mean, wars cool though. I
think you should check it out. They are continually releasing new updates. Like
every day when I boot it up, it's like, do you want the new version? So , it's,
uh, pretty frequently worked on. Um, let me think what, all right, so that's the
top three. Uh, the next one.

[00:25:46] **Robbie:** I think it was number four. I forget my ordering, uh, was
GitHub desktop, which I think is a hot take slash underrated. Like people like
GitHub desktop, like one, what do you need a gooey for at all? And then
[00:26:00] two, like why would you choose that when there's so many powerful,
like get tools and to them I say it's for the little things. If I want to open a
poll request, there's a create poll request button. I don't have to like push,
go open GitHub, find my branch, click compare and pull request, set all that up.
It's just like, just opens it and like, you know, that's super powerful, I
think. And then,

[00:26:26] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:26:28] **Robbie:** Um, I think I like that it's not as powerful in terms of
like the GI functionality.

[00:26:33] **Robbie:** Like it'll do the things that are pretty safe. Like, um,
you're not gonna do a super interactive rease or like, I don't know, anything
that's,

[00:26:44] **Chuck:** Were you gonna drop commits and stuff like that?

[00:26:48] **Robbie:** Yeah. , it's just gonna tell you each step of that rease
that like, you've got some conflicts, go use like something else and figure
these out.

[00:26:57] **Robbie:** Um, so it's like [00:27:00] I feel very safe. Like
there's nothing I can click in there to really break everything. And it just is
a nice, like, takes all the complexity away from gi. It's just like, give me
code, I give you code back kind of thing. And it's just nice. So

[00:27:15] **Chuck:** I like flexing.

[00:27:18] **Robbie:** You like flexing. Oh, you like doing stuff hard the hard
way.

[00:27:21] **Chuck:** Yeah. I don't want fancy shortcut buttons. Not my gum drop
buttons. Um, was that

[00:27:31] **Robbie:** I remember what, I remember what five was now. Uh, five
was fig. Have you tried fig?

[00:27:37] **Chuck:** Yeah, kind of. Uh, it's another one that like, you get
this ac you can get this account and like start to share things. It does feel
like. Kind of bringing some sanity to my dot vis, which probably need like just
a refresh anyway these days.

[00:27:56] **Chuck:** So I do like that. Um, and then obviously it can kind of
[00:28:00] be nice for like, on a new computer to sort of get some of the same
things. But So you're, that's a theme for you is that you want, like, you want
to manage things that synchronize across.

[00:28:13] **Robbie:** Yes. Yeah, I'm, I'm getting to the point where, , I want
to be able to work on four machines and I want it to feel like I was just on
this machine a second ago, even though I switched like, um, you know, warp.
Being able to save things in the cloud if you want is nice cuz you can say like,
you know, I ran all these commands and then four days later I forgot the
commands and I'm on a different machine, but I can still run 'em because it,
like, they're all saved there.

[00:28:42] **Robbie:** Um, I'm not sure if fig. Does the same thing, but it's
like, the thing that it's nice for is, it's kind of similar to Fish's internal,
uh, auto complete, which kind of like reads man pages and like tries to be smart
about what you're doing. Um, [00:29:00] and it, so it'll give you like, also
like not just that first result of what it thinks you actually might want, but
like a dropdown so you can have like, Uh, oh.

[00:29:10] **Robbie:** I don't remember all the things I can do with the yarn.
Let's say like, so you go yarn and then it's like, oh, you want to add, you want
to like, here's the 20 other commands that you don't use. Cause everyone only
uses ad like . It tells me what all that stuff is. So, um, it's just nice to, I
mean, similarly like, now that war has kind of this nice, um, AI thing,

[00:29:31] **Chuck:** Yeah, the nice, nice like predictive auto complete thing
or whatever.

[00:29:35] **Robbie:** Yeah, so you may not need both. I'm not sure if they play
well together. Honestly, I've only used fig in hyper. I'm not sure if it works
in Warp or not. Um, but they're, it's still a cool tool and I think they could
play well together if they wanted to.

[00:29:50] **Chuck:** Right. One just acquires the other and then it just
becomes,

[00:29:54] **Robbie:** That's true.

[00:29:56] **Chuck:** wig becomes wig. [00:30:00] Wag Wigg. Have you tried wig
org? Yeah. Just added, just change it to G. That's all you get is the G and this
suite of tools. Well, okay. Yeah. All compelling things. Some I've tried, some I
have not, but I can see a theme there and if that's a, I'm very interested in
trying Zed actually.

[00:30:22] **Chuck:** I am just kind of, I feel like VS. Code is. It's busy,
it's really busy and it has all the things in there and it's kind of nice where
you can like debug node applications using the terminal and um, and uh, a little
like attached thing. And so that is kind of nice. But man, in general, it just
feels so busy to

[00:30:45] **Robbie:** Mm-hmm. , it does too much. It's similar to like click up
where it does everything. It's like, oh, I integrate with like, Netscape
Navigator somehow, or like things that don't exist because like I integrate with
literally everything [00:31:00] and it's like, oh my God, where are the O? Like
how do I configure you? How do I use you?

[00:31:04] **Robbie:** This is too much.

[00:31:05] **Chuck:** Yeah. And then it's just all too specific for, for each
thing and trying to set up settings for particular workspaces. And I mean, I
guess it's nice that you. For Floory project, you can have those like BS code
directories and kind of get some magic there, but it could be a bit much.

[00:31:26] **Robbie:** Yeah, so I'll have to use Zed more in depth and I will
report back with if there's any shortcomings around. Various things like there,
I think those are nice things in vs. Code of like it'll show you if you have
lint problems or type script problems or whatever versus you getting them when
you go to like, compile, um, or whatever.

[00:31:47] **Robbie:** So that would be, uh, but half the time those don't work
right either. So I mean that doesn't necessarily matter.

[00:31:55] **Chuck:** I really wanna know whether Zed is dead or not.

[00:31:59] **Robbie:** Whether [00:32:00] it's dead,

[00:32:01] **Chuck:** Zeds

[00:32:02] **Robbie:** reference I'm supposed to

[00:32:03] **Chuck:** Pulp Fiction. Yes.

[00:32:05] **Robbie:** Oh, I have seen Pulp Fiction, but I haven't seen it in a
long time.

[00:32:09] **Chuck:** Hmm. Well, food for thought

[00:32:13] **Robbie:** Yeah. Cool. Well that's the end of this episode. We have
one more. It will be our holiday finale, I guess. Hopefully it will air like
Christmas Eve if we're doing this right. I don't know. Um, so cool. We'll catch
you then.
