[00:00:00]

[00:00:00] **Robbie:** Do you hear it? I think Santa is on the roof.

[00:00:08] **Chuck:** Ding, ding, ding, ding. I can't really do a jingle bell
sound. Sorry.

[00:00:14] **Robbie:** Yeah. I don't know. My favorite, uh, Christmas song
that's like from the forties is Jing Jingling. Jingling. Jingling. Have you
heard that?

[00:00:22] **Chuck:** Yeah. That's

[00:00:23] **Robbie:** It's so good. Anyway, this.

[00:00:26] **Chuck:** another.

[00:00:27] **Robbie:** This is Whiskey Web and whatnot. Advent of Whiskey
Edition. This is our last one. It's somewhere around Christmas, depending on
when this airs. So Merry Christmas everyone.

[00:00:37] **Robbie:** Happy holidays. Hope you've been following along for the
past few days, surviving your time with relatives and enjoying many unhealthy
snacks and beverages.

[00:00:49] **Chuck:** many libations with whiskey potentially.

[00:00:53] **Robbie:** Yeah, so we are going to continue our whiskeys here and
finish the last three of our admin calendar, and we [00:01:00] are super excited
to be done with these

[00:01:02] **Chuck:** Yeah, so this is Keeper's Heart whiskey. Um, it is
supposed to be from both the US and Ireland. Let's see here. So it says US
Minnesota, but it's Asana Sea distilling, four years old Irish American whiskey
style, potentially 43%. So 86. And um, that's it. That's all we get to know.
Keeper's heart, this one's much lighter than

[00:01:31] **Robbie:** Smells like passion fruit.

[00:01:34] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:01:35] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:01:36] **Robbie:** It takes a minute to get it, like pour it in the glass
and give it a good sniff.

[00:01:42] **Chuck:** sure. That's not mixed with a previous one.

[00:01:45] **Robbie:** It could be

[00:01:46] **Chuck:** Ooh, yeah, I do. Yeah. Yeah. Turns out that is much more
candy like and sweet, kind. Hmm. Okay. Well, let's, let's taste it.[00:02:00]

[00:02:05] **Robbie:** It tastes like buckwheat pancakes

[00:02:08] **Chuck:** Oh, okay. I do get a little bit of the weepiness there,
but I feel like a little lemon

[00:02:14] **Robbie:** went to, yeah. It's like you went to eat a nice thing
that you think is gonna be sweet and delicious and it's got like a lot more old
school unflavored grain in it than you were expecting. It's not like a cake

[00:02:29] **Chuck:** I get that little graininess though to it. Yeah. I get a
little citrus rind or lemony and then graininess. Definitely. Hmm. I don't know.
It's okay. It feels like it's young to me. I've still got

[00:02:52] **Robbie:** if I made whiskey, like it doesn't have anything going
for it at all. It's just like

[00:02:58] **Chuck:** you are the one to make the Irish [00:03:00] whiskey, eh,
miash, she's also powerful to Perry Caravans. Do you like Dougs? Do you like
Doug's? Oh, Dougs, yeah. I like Dougs. All right. See movie references Snatch
with Brad Pitt. It's a guy Richie movie where he's a gypsy.

[00:03:20] **Robbie:** Mm.

[00:03:20] **Chuck:** isn't Irish.

[00:03:21] **Robbie:** to Peaky Blinders.

[00:03:23] **Chuck:** Pike. That's what they're called.

[00:03:25] **Chuck:** Um, uh, no, they're rich and live in a mansion. Um, these,
they live in caravans and travel around the country.

[00:03:32] **Robbie:** Well, so do the people that are the family of the Peaky

[00:03:35] **Chuck:** I guess originally they did. Yeah. More of that. So that's
true. They were

[00:03:39] **Robbie:** or whatever.

[00:03:40] **Chuck:** I forgot the first season of that. It's very enjoyable,
but it took me a while to like understand what they're saying.

[00:03:46] **Robbie:** Mm-hmm.

[00:03:48] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:03:49] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'd, uh, it's still good. Still

[00:03:51] **Chuck:** I really like Tom Hardy's. Uh, yeah, I need to, the last
season I haven't, um, like the most recent season I haven't watched, but I, uh,
I did [00:04:00] get that game on switch also. That's how much I liked it, but
also not, didn't play that. So I'm good for

[00:04:06] **Robbie:** a Peaky Blinders game.

[00:04:07] **Chuck:** There is a switch Peaky Blinders game. I'm really good at
like things that'll go where on my wishlist and then they'll go on sale and I'll
buy some of them cuz you know, you get like half off or more so.

[00:04:19] **Chuck:** and then I just never play him. Like I got Tony Hawks Pro
skater. Um, it was like, I think it's like one, two, and three or something like
that. Great.

[00:04:30] **Robbie:** Yeah, I, uh, I haven't bought a switch game in a while.
Honestly, I haven't played a game in a while, and it's a little depressing.

[00:04:39] **Chuck:** yeah, yeah. I agree. Kind of like I was doing some FIFA
when the World Cup started, and that's kind of fallen off as.

[00:04:49] **Robbie:** Yeah, the problem is the type of game that I like as
we've mentioned many a time, is the grindy like, oh, you start at level zero and
you need to play for like [00:05:00] six years of like 24 hours a day, and then
you can be the best player from everything you've accumulated. That's so like,
that's something that's hard to jump in when I have 30 minutes to play

[00:05:11] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say, I don't, I haven. Probably in
the last decade had a lot of time for many of those games. But like Sky Rim was
one when it came out on the switch. It was like, yes. And then, uh, breath of
the Wild, which is why I

[00:05:26] **Robbie:** Breath of the Wild too comes out, I am definitely not
working for a week.

[00:05:31] **Chuck:** that's right. Uh, I'm gonna go into the office, but I'm
not gonna do any work. they'll be like, didn't you take the,

[00:05:38] **Robbie:** Sarah thinks you're working.

[00:05:40] **Chuck:** Yes, exactly. Now you know where I'm at. Come into the
office, um, and, and have a vacation from everyone except for my, my, my baby
boy switch. Anyway. We should get to a second whiskey

[00:05:52] **Robbie:** well just, so just to wrap that up, you could also be
like, get home and be like, oh, work was so hard today. I really [00:06:00]
just, can you just watch the kids? I need to play some, some video games for a
little bit

[00:06:04] **Chuck:** sure. And that.

[00:06:05] **Robbie:** going.

[00:06:06] **Chuck:** Oh, and that's gonna work one day. Okay. If I take a week
off, I get every day.

[00:06:13] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:06:13] **Chuck:** Yeah, you order some, you get some in and out. , you play
games and you really just completely take it, take it to the bottom. Um,
alrighty. Scotch Whiskey from Scotland, um, 46%. Um, it's called Compass Box.
From Scotland, Cub Box, non age stated blended malt whiskey.

[00:06:36] **Chuck:** So it's a blend, uh, using American and French oak casks.
Um, is there anything special in this descriptor? Uh, okay. They decided to
shake things up and use staves in the finishing process.

[00:06:51] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:06:52] **Chuck:** Trump was, went too far in their daring endeavor. They
decided to shake things up, I don't know.[00:07:00]

[00:07:01] **Robbie:** Yeah, that's, that's not that daring. That's just lazy.

[00:07:05] **Chuck:** right. Yeah. Accelerant again, so you can have young
whiskey to sell or frequently. Okay. Yeah, that's definitely smells like a
scotch. That's right. I'm getting smokiness.

[00:07:22] **Robbie:** I haven't tried it yet. I forgot to rate the last one.
I'm doing bad at this. Hold on. All right.

[00:07:26] **Chuck:** You're fired. Um, the client, flaviar has fired you.
That's the nature of our business now. It smells, I haven't tasted it yet. It
does smell smokey to me though, so it's hard for me to get much out of it
outside of

[00:07:42] **Robbie:** Yeah, it tastes like scotch. s Smokey doesn't have a ton
of pe, but it has some, um,

[00:07:51] **Chuck:** It's, it's not blowing you away with the pee, but yeah,
it's definitely there. It's like if you like scotch, this is, this has got all
the traditional [00:08:00] qualities of that. It's a little higher proof and
some, yeah, it's scotchman, scotch staves are not, um, if you like scotch, then
this is gonna do it for you. And we've had a few guests on, so we know that we
have friends who are into it.

[00:08:15] **Chuck:** So if you want a scotch that tastes like Scotch Compass,
sponsors of Whiskey Web and whatnot.

[00:08:24] **Robbie:** Tom Preston Wener likes scotch and he has more money
than, uh, most of our guests. So , he must, uh, know something we don't

[00:08:33] **Chuck:** Well, we don't ask for financial disclosure, so you can
only assume that, right?

[00:08:37] **Robbie:** Well, that's true. That's true.

[00:08:39] **Chuck:** yeah, not everybody exits GitHub as a founder, but that
said, who knows? Maybe somebody is a fastidious saver and investor.

[00:08:48] **Robbie:** that's true.

[00:08:48] **Chuck:** done well on another other side of

[00:08:50] **Robbie:** they've, they've just been watching my Robinhood and
doing the opposite of every investment I have, and they are billionaires,

[00:08:57] **Chuck:** Yeah. Because, and that's why I'm not, because I've
[00:09:00] listened to your advice and it's very

[00:09:02] **Robbie:** See, that's the thing though, is my advice is correct at
one point in time in life that it not necessarily when

[00:09:11] **Chuck:** two weeks before you bought it. Yeah. And then you finally
convinced yourself to get in. And it's too, In. Um, so yeah, maybe, I don't
know. Run inspir buys a lot of fancy running stuff, so that guy's probably got
it going on in the bank account department.

[00:09:29] **Robbie:** I think he, yeah, I think he has a, uh, sufficient amount
of dollars, but I think, uh, not, not billions.

[00:09:37] **Chuck:** Why did I have to buy him whiskey? You know, it's, Very
good question. Um, anyway, in the Scotty Scotch of SCOs, how would you rate this
one?

[00:09:49] **Robbie:** For me it's a five. I think it's fine. I don't like
scotch, but if you did, I think it's a decent one. It's nothing crazy good or
anything, so.

[00:09:59] **Chuck:** [00:10:00] Yeah, I think we're gonna agree on that, like.
It's not in middle of the road. It's obviously not bad for what it is compared
to SCOs per se. Um, I prefer a little bit of peat over smoke personally and so
askew to that side. I think I'm really just a five like, oh yeah, this is like a
scotch I can tolerate and can see.

[00:10:20] **Chuck:** It's like decent quality. So we'll go that

[00:10:25] **Robbie:** All right, last one.

[00:10:28] **Chuck:** Yeah, it had. Hmm, exactly. We don't get the same. This is
really inherent ed educational part of the show. Those were all, uh, Foley
sounds actually in the past. Okay, so this one is called Napa Hu Castle. It is a
12 year old, oh, there you. We're gonna, we're gonna finish it off without
bearing.

[00:10:55] **Chuck:** It's an Irish whiskey, um, from the Great Northern
Distillery, 12 years old, single malt [00:11:00] Irish whiskey, charred oak
bourbon casks. So used but charred cuz that's what bourbon wouldn't have to be.
Anyway. Cool.

[00:11:10] **Robbie:** am rating my previous one cause I forgot again.

[00:11:14] **Chuck:** Oh my God. I've just got a glance at the tasting notes.
I've been trying to ignore those things, but, uh, , it

[00:11:20] **Robbie:** Don't tell me

[00:11:21] **Chuck:** Oh, okay. Well, which kind of biscuit?

[00:11:25] **Robbie:** like a cookie or a

[00:11:27] **Chuck:** Right. Which one? Yeah, or like a gravy biscuit. That
would be an interesting whiskey. Biscuits and gravy and sausage.

[00:11:35] **Robbie:** Hmm, I'm getting bacon.

[00:11:38] **Chuck:** Of course you are now.

[00:11:40] **Robbie:** No, I'm just kidding.

[00:11:41] **Chuck:** Okay. I Hi. Hmm.

[00:11:48] **Robbie:** This, this is gonna be potentially weird, but I got a
little bit of like Bloody Mary, like tomatoey. Uh. Spicy [00:12:00] little.

[00:12:01] **Chuck:** huh. Okay, that's interesting. I'm definitely not

[00:12:05] **Robbie:** not on the notes.

[00:12:06] **Chuck:** I think that I've been influenced by the things that I
saw, but I'm thinking, you know, those like little ginger cookies.

[00:12:13] **Robbie:** Mm-hmm. ginger snaps.

[00:12:14] **Chuck:** Yeah. It's kind of like that on the nose for me. So

[00:12:20] **Robbie:** I don't like ginger snaps. We can get into that after
this.

[00:12:24] **Chuck:** there's so many things you don't like. Actually, you're
very

[00:12:26] **Robbie:** No, no. Let me, I will explain.

[00:12:28] **Chuck:** I don't know. Oh yeah. That's kind of sweet, huh?

[00:12:38] **Robbie:** Oh, whoa. That's got some flavors.

[00:12:40] **Chuck:** Yeah, it does. It's actually like, Very diverse. Okay. So,

[00:12:47] **Robbie:** some mango perhaps.

[00:12:48] **Chuck:** yeah, like some crispiness out of like a nice fruity white
wine, right? Like a Pinot Grigio with it's fruity a little bit. I'm getting a
little of that initially. [00:13:00] Then I get a little spice. It does have
some burn. It's um, It's definitely one of the more flavorful Irish whiskeys
I've had. I think it has something to do with the age, cuz there's like those
yellow spot green spots. I've had some red breasts that are like 12 and 15 years
and that actually starts to be like a really nice place for Irish whiskeys for
me. Hmm

[00:13:22] **Robbie:** this, uh, I'm a pretty big fan of this one.

[00:13:26] **Chuck:** hmm. Yeah, would repeat, will repeat. Um, so what was it
called again? Naba hu Napa hu castle. So k n a p p o g u e castle, A castle from
the Great Northern Distillery. I.

[00:13:46] **Robbie:** Did you say it? Um, is it finished in any other kind of
barrels?

[00:13:50] **Chuck:** Hmm,

[00:13:51] **Robbie:** Like what gives it the fruitiness?

[00:13:52] **Chuck:** um, well, it, it says that it was finished in charred oak
bourbon barrels, which all bourbon barrels are supposed to be [00:14:00] charred
oak. Um, let's see if I can get more info anywhere. The sign. Enjoy the silence.
Oh. There's something special about a 12 year old single malt whiskey. It's like
a premium steakhouse that dry ages their Wagyu ribeye for six weeks.

[00:14:25] **Robbie:** it is kind of like that.

[00:14:27] **Chuck:** Hmm. Yeah. Some of the finest independent Irish whiskey on
earth, but no, we're not getting,

[00:14:35] **Robbie:** me that I have a steak in my fridge.

[00:14:37] **Chuck:** Hmm. Well time to get to that.

[00:14:44] **Robbie:** All right, so I would, we didn't rate this yet, did we?
So I would say this is a seven for me. It's pretty good.

[00:14:52] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah. I was feeling like, I mean, I've been like,
I've had pretty good Irish whiskeys, but I'm pretty wowed by this [00:15:00]
one. It's 7.2.

[00:15:03] **Robbie:** Oh,

[00:15:05] **Chuck:** Yep. Nudging up. Nudging up

[00:15:07] **Robbie:** Chris Manson, go buy this for much cheap. Right next to
your house? Probably

[00:15:15] **Chuck:** Yeah. Did you know that Ireland is only four square miles?
It's crazy. They fit all those people there.

[00:15:22] **Robbie:** Yeah, no, I'm,

[00:15:23] **Chuck:** they, they floated away on potatoes.

[00:15:25] **Robbie:** it cheaper cause it doesn't have to get shipped overseas.
But yeah, I don't know how readily available it is.

[00:15:32] **Chuck:** it's hard to say because hey, maybe there's a certain part
of it that is cheaper and then they add taxes or something. Bump things up and
there's an equalization in price. It's probably not. Who knows though, because I
know that in lots of places in Europe, like wine is really cheap.

[00:15:47] **Robbie:** Yeah. Kiati is like a $5 or euros, whatever, instead of
like 30 like it is

[00:15:54] **Chuck:** Yeah. For like a one, like the big basket bottle one
that's like whatever, like a one and a half liter or [00:16:00] something.

[00:16:00] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:16:01] **Chuck:** Yeah. I definitely used to get some like pretty decent,
cheap wine in port in Spain for like three euro. It was crazy.

[00:16:08] **Robbie:** Yeah, I'm totally guessing, but I think that it goes back
to the days where you couldn't drink the water safely everywhere. So like wine
was ubiquitous as the drink. Then it just became like, we have barrels of it in
every room of every house, like it's just free

[00:16:26] **Chuck:** Yeah. Right, because this is how we don't murder everyone.
I mean, maybe, I don't know, but, um, I, I mean, It's just like such a staple to
have on the table for meals and stuff. It's almost like getting you all better.
Get milk. I get a little wine for dinner because they don't drink a lot though.
So you like open a bottle of wine for four people.

[00:16:45] **Chuck:** Everybody has, you know, a small glass or two and that's
kind of it. Um, so there's, it's also like kind of,

[00:16:52] **Robbie:** or whatever

[00:16:52] **Chuck:** yeah. Yeah. And then, uh, it's funny actually water also
so cheap there. Like here you gotta get a bottle of water and it's [00:17:00]
like a couple of bucks maybe. For a liter or less. And it's like, you can get
like natural mineral water with effervescence in it, uh, for like a quarter,
whatever.

[00:17:12] **Chuck:** I think it's like 25 cents for the Euros thing. Um, well,
it used to be, and I'm still, I'm sure it's still pretty cheap. So it's like,
oh, we don't want our people also to be dehydrated. Turns out certain things. We
just get, get to them for.

[00:17:26] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yep. So let's progress back to, uh, cookies. So
ginger snaps. I, I love ginger bread. Cookies. Okay. But I hate really, really
snappy ginger snaps that are like breaking your teeth kind of snap. Um, and
that's kind of how I am about all. Baked goods, like I would prefer them to be
soft and chewy versus crunchy,

[00:17:56] **Chuck:** I think most of the time I agree with you on that. You
don't want like a [00:18:00] biscoti that is soft and chewy, for example, right.
Ginger snaps kind of make me think of like, I don't know. Yeah, I feel like I
dip those in like a tea or something too, even when I've had them. But, uh, so.

[00:18:13] **Robbie:** out well because Caitlin loves crispy things. So like if
there's a pancake and like the outer rim is crunchy, I cut all that off and I
eat the sinner and she eats the rest

[00:18:24] **Chuck:** That's funny. Yeah.

[00:18:25] **Robbie:** Uh, yeah, stuff like that. But, um, anyways, so what, if
you had to say what your favorite cookies or holiday treat, I guess is what

[00:18:37] **Chuck:** I, I do like eggnog. I do look forward to eggnog and like
to have that, and I'll like to have the boozy version, uh, spoiler alert for all
our listeners. I do like the boozy

[00:18:48] **Robbie:** Oh, learn something new

[00:18:50] **Chuck:** yeah. Yeah, so it turns like one cup into a thousand
calories, so it's, you know, it's special occasion thing. , uh, it's just so
rich too.

[00:18:57] **Chuck:** It's kind of like the pumpkin pie thing. You have
[00:19:00] like one or two slices all holiday and you're like, yeah, I'm good.
Covered it. And I feel like eggnog is kind of similar to me. We'll, like get one
carton or maybe you go to a holiday party and there's um, a little bit of like a
punch kind of style version of it.

[00:19:15] **Chuck:** You have a little there and you're like, okay, now I'm
covered.

[00:19:19] **Robbie:** So I do it differently. I love eggnog as well, but I do
like, I rarely do like a glass of eggnog. I use it for like creamer for coffee.
So I get like a little bit of that flavor and I'll do it for like, Every day of
the holiday season . So it's like not overpowering because it, like, it goes
away. Like you probably already can't get it almost at stores cuz they're scared
to death.

[00:19:43] **Robbie:** They're gonna be like left with some they didn't sell.

[00:19:46] **Chuck:** Yeah, of course. Yeah, I know we got ours already. It's in
our fridge,

[00:19:50] **Robbie:** yeah, we just got some today.

[00:19:52] **Chuck:** Okay. Nice. Yeah, I guess it is an improvement over
pumpkin spice, which basically has taken over everything.

[00:19:57] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. If, if you eggnog [00:20:00] flavor. , you
know, X, Y, z I would like those things more than the pumpkin spice version, I
would

[00:20:06] **Chuck:** All right. I have a genius idea. Okay. Have you ever had
an a gado?

[00:20:11] **Robbie:** I sure have.

[00:20:12] **Chuck:** Okay, so if you had an eggnog ice cream that you did a
espresso shot over

[00:20:17] **Robbie:** Ooh,

[00:20:17] **Chuck:** a fugato style, that would be

[00:20:19] **Robbie:** there you go. Yeah. I'm gonna have to find eggnog ice
cream now.

[00:20:24] **Chuck:** or make it, I don't, um, so yeah. Can we start ship shape
culinary adventures and then I will make that

[00:20:35] **Robbie:** I mean, you can make whatever you want. We are probably
not gonna wide scale distribute it

[00:20:42] **Chuck:** Right. Exactly. So I've made a bucket of ice cream. Um, I
can really distribute it everywhere. So the people who buy it, it's a thousand
dollars a scoop, just trying.

[00:20:50] **Robbie:** it's small

[00:20:51] **Chuck:** unique. Yeah. It's a small batch. It's very unique. I went
out and got the cream myself from the store. That's weird. [00:21:00] Yeah.
holiday trivia.

[00:21:02] **Chuck:** So, uh, or holiday questions. What you got?

[00:21:06] **Robbie:** Um, let's see. I've not sure which ones we haven't done.
There's some that are like pointless. Like there's, who was the author of a
Christmas Carol? I feel like we know that. Um, there's, there was another one
about the Christmas Carol that was like, what was Scrooge's first name? Like, I
feel like we know that too.

[00:21:27] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:21:28] **Chuck:** make Duck e Ebenezer, just so people know I.

[00:21:34] **Robbie:** Yeah. And then there's like another one that's super
easy, like which department store was featured in Miracle on 34th Street? Um,
let me try to find a, I'm trying to find something. And this one I feel like is
common knowledge, but, um, maybe not true or false. Christmas originally began
as a pagan.

[00:21:58] **Chuck:** yes.[00:22:00]

[00:22:00] **Robbie:** Yep.

[00:22:00] **Chuck:** The birth of Jesus was in the spring and they scooted it
back in order to work on the

[00:22:06] **Robbie:** Because they liked the trees.

[00:22:09] **Chuck:** Teresa, now it was about working on the spread of
Christianity. You already celebrate at this time. Let's steal it from you.

[00:22:15] **Robbie:** Yeah. Uh, What is the Yiddish word for spinning? Top as
played on Hanukkah. Yeah.

[00:22:34] **Chuck:** dra dra dle. I made you at a clay. I've seen South Park.

[00:22:41] **Robbie:** I don't think there's really any questions that we
missed. All the rest are like, Wait, hold on. Maybe we, I don't think we did
this one. Who was the first US president to recognize Hanukkah in the White
House? Did we do that one?

[00:22:58] **Chuck:** Hmm. [00:23:00] Uh, no. Did not. And F D R.

[00:23:08] **Robbie:** Oh, Jimmy Carter.

[00:23:10] **Chuck:** Oh wow. 1976 ish. Huh?

[00:23:13] **Robbie:** 79. It says when had happened. Yeah.

[00:23:16] **Chuck:** how was, he came in an office in 76, so that's why I was
just like, sometime after that.

[00:23:22] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:23:23] **Chuck:** the bicentennial year.

[00:23:26] **Robbie:** Did we do this true or false? Hanukkah is the most
popular Jewish holiday.

[00:23:31] **Chuck:** uh, no, but like, I'm gonna say it's not, it's a trick
question. It's

[00:23:36] **Robbie:** Yeah. I think it's not too, yeah, Passover is the most

[00:23:39] **Chuck:** Hmm. Okay. See, but there

[00:23:43] **Robbie:** I've always heard that, like whenever there was a TV show
or something, they would try to mention like, oh, let's celebrate Hanukkah. Like
they do Christmas. Like they would always be like, oh, it's like not a big
holiday. Like, all right. I don't know.

[00:23:57] **Robbie:** There's really no good questions left on here, so I could
[00:24:00] do a different one. Find another one if you want some more holiday

[00:24:02] **Chuck:** Or find one technical tidbit or just because, so this can
still be a web and whatnot. Show what's your

[00:24:12] **Robbie:** I have the one technical thing that I keep forgetting to
bring up that's on our list here. Um, so this is gonna be a very underwhelming
story because I don't remember a lot of the details and a lot of it was like
super physicsy, right? Uh, but there's this computer, let's say, Again, don't
know the terminology, but there's this computer that like mimics real world
physics, right?

[00:24:37] **Robbie:** So it's like theoretically, um, a representation of what
is possible. Like they try to do like, you know, particles hit each other and
what happens Or like the, the latest thing that they did, which was like weird
cuz it's all on a computer, is they used those like bounds of physics that they
were bound to and created a worm.[00:25:00]

[00:25:00] **Robbie:** like a black hole kind of thing, and sent data through
it. And the other side of the wormhole received the data, which was like crazy
because that's been theoretical forever, is like you could go through a black
hole and like get to the other side, right? And they're like, no, you would just
get obliterated is like what most people think.

[00:25:24] **Robbie:** but basically they're proving that, uh, and I'm gonna get
all this wrong too, but I think it's like string theory as like everything's
connected by a string and it's like this like thing that goes through kind of
does get destroyed, right? But then something comes out the other side that's
been programmed by the information of the thing that was destroyed or something.

[00:25:43] **Robbie:** So it's like,

[00:25:45] **Chuck:** Hmm. So it's almost like Star Trek. teleporting

[00:25:50] **Robbie:** yeah.

[00:25:50] **Chuck:** they like, you know, they, you get disassembled and
reassembled at the new New point.

[00:25:56] **Robbie:** Right. So like everyone's really excited about it.
Obviously [00:26:00] they don't really know how it works cuz it wasn't a
theoretical computer thing, but it's like they're saying that this proves that
you could basically, you know, create a black hole type of thing, go through it
and be, you know, somewhere else that we don't even.

[00:26:17] **Robbie:** you know, you could use it to travel very far
potentially, or travel to other dimensions or whatever you might think is on the
other side. But like everyone was like losing their minds. In this article I was
reading, this was at like 3:00 AM when Finn decided he needed to be up yelling.
So I was like scrolling through Twitter or something and there was a post about
it and I went down the thread rabbit hole.

[00:26:39] **Robbie:** Um, yeah.

[00:26:41] **Chuck:** intensive purposes, and you came out the other side, a
better human for it.

[00:26:46] **Robbie:** I guess, I don't know. It was, it was cool. I was pleased
to read about it, but I, again, there was a lot of technical details. You could
probably go find it. Maybe the people that write up our show notes will somehow
take these very little details I've [00:27:00] given you and find the posts
about this thing and, and put it up here for you to read if you want.

[00:27:06] **Chuck:** I put it into chat, g p T, and it was not that helpful,
um, not able to provide information about specific computer systems at Google.
I'm a language mo model trained by OpenAI, and my knowledge is based solely on
the text I've been trained on.

[00:27:19] **Robbie:** Google Wormhole simulator, or something like that?

[00:27:22] **Chuck:** Yeah, I tried a couple. Tell me about the wormhole on
physics computer at Google and it's like in general are hypothetical structures
that can potentially provide a shortcut for traveling between two distant points
and.

[00:27:35] **Robbie:** Hmm.

[00:27:36] **Chuck:** the final frontier.

[00:27:38] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:27:39] **Chuck:** oh, that's an interesting thing. Just more into
technologies that are from science fiction books, basically.

[00:27:49] **Chuck:** Yeah, that seems to, we've got some computers that will,
smart computers that will talk back to us. We've got some robots coming along.
It's all getting [00:28:00] close to, uh, Skynet sooner or later.

[00:28:04] **Robbie:** Yeah. I mean, I just hope there are enough years of us
enjoying it before they kill us all.

[00:28:09] **Chuck:** Yeah, can they like string us along for a little bit? Can
like, you know, maybe it can be like my great, great grandchildren or something.
I don't really know them, so sorry.

[00:28:17] **Robbie:** Yeah, . Yeah. Like I'm think it would be really cool to
have like a automated Taco Bell. You like go up and press the button and it just
gives you all the food and no people had to do anything like that. Sounds cool.

[00:28:31] **Chuck:** Like the Jetsons, when they would just put it into like
type into their oven machine thing, what they wanted and they would just
manufacture

[00:28:38] **Robbie:** Well that came from the wormholes probably. There was the
pill actually was nothing that they put in the microwave. And then a wormhole
was like food

[00:28:45] **Chuck:** yeah. Just goes and gets one from someone else's oven
that's finished and they end up with a pill. It's what a shitty trade.

[00:28:53] **Robbie:** Yeah, there's, there's like another dimension of people
that just keep trying to cook and they can't because it gets replaced
every[00:29:00]

[00:29:00] **Chuck:** then they take these like massive dehydrated pills of full
meals and they're like, Hmm, the, the schau berries taste like schau berries. So
there is that. Interesting. Well, there we go. So just technology as a whole.

[00:29:16] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. What do you want? We've done 10 episodes in a
row, now we're at the end. So, um, hopefully some of them were interesting, at
least in parts. I think we had a few interesting discussions. I think some
things were a little rough, but we're learning,

[00:29:32] **Chuck:** So much less scripted than our usual episode. So sorry.

[00:29:37] **Robbie:** well, that's sometimes good depending on what rabbit
holes we go down, but, I think it was, it was the wrong amount of scripted. We
tried to do a little too much,

[00:29:46] **Chuck:** yeah. Maybe just to like know. Yeah. Well.

[00:29:49] **Robbie:** and there were too many whiskeys, like, we're like 15
minutes in for a whiskey. Anyway, but thanks everyone for making it through with
us. Hope everyone's having a great holiday season [00:30:00] and we will catch
you sometime.

[00:30:04] **Robbie:** Um, I'm guess, I guess we're back in January sometime. I
don't know when the next episode will hit. It'll happen sometime.

[00:30:13] **Chuck:** this episode is brought to you by Athletic Greens. You
could get all of your post whisky nutrition go to get a free hundred dollars
package@athleticgreens.com slash whiskey web and whatnot.

[00:30:28] **Robbie:** Also brought to you by Neutrophil is your hair thinning.
You should take these pills and they will help. Go to neutrophil.com/shipshape
code We'll see you later.

[00:30:43] **Chuck:** One.
